[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Some people use ChatGPT to answer questions, others use it to get real work done. With ChatGPT work you bring the goal plus real inputs like briefs, notes, files, feedback, data and project plans. It can help turn them into an analysis, tracker, deck, outline, prototype or workflow. You can review and keep shaping. You stay in control, giving direction and choosing the final output. Put ChatGPT to work on your most ambitious ideas and projects. Get started@chatgpt.com by selecting work mode available on plus and Pro plans.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: I love my phone but not my carrier.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: What do I do?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: Well, there are 250 reasons to join T Mobile.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Like what?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: You can keep your phone and your number and T Mobile helps pay it off up to $800 per line.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: So I wouldn't have to buy a new phone?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: Yep. Plus your plan price stays the same for 5 years on experience plans. Nice. Find your reason@t mobile.com
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: via virtual prepaid guard card. Typically takes 15 days after rebate submission
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: price guarantee on talk text and 5G
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: data exclusions like taxes and fees apply. Amazon Health AI presents painful thoughts why
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: did I search the Internet for answers to my cold sore problem? Now I'm stuck down a rabbit hole filled with images of alarmingly graphic sores in various stages of ooze. I can clear my search history, but I can never unsee that.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Don't go down the rabbit hole. Amazon Health AI gets you the right care fast. Healthcare just got less painful.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: This is Erin Andrews from Calm down with Erin and Carissa. So I'm on the road all season long and when I'm finally home in the summer, the last thing I want is Internet that can't keep up. And with everyone home and online all day, streaming calls, the whole thing, the one thing that can't slow down is the Internet. That's why having fast, reliable Internet that can keep up really matters and why you need Optimum's famously fast fiber powered Internet. Optimum Fiber blows flaky 5G out of the water and keeps its cool with the fastest and most reliable speeds that don't slow down when things heat up. And right now they have the deal of the summer. Just $30 a month for five years. So don't wait. Call 866-9Optimum, visit optimum.com or stop by your local Optimum store today. Famously fast fiber powered Internet for $30 a month for five years. Can't beat it. Terms apply. See optimum.com for details. Want to know you're on the best path to the right car. Start at CarMax, where every car is CarMax certified and backed by a 10 day money back guarantee at a price that's upfront from the start. Visit CarMax.com for details. Want to drive CarMax, the Action Network podcast?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: I'm just about that.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Action boss. All right, here we go. From the 10th. Throwing end zone. Spectacular catch. They're saying it's a catch.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Touchdown.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: You see, most gamblers when they go
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: to gamble, they go to win.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Oh, my God, that's incredible.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Big bank, small bank.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: I like to make money. All right, that is the ultimate kabash.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: You want to bet? And we are underway.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Welcome to the Action Network podcast. I am Jill Galant. I am joined by NFL betting expert and futures analyst Brandon Anderson. It was rankings week here in the Action Network and we liked it so much we figured, why don't we just keep ranking stuff? So rankings episodes are going to continue here with the Action Network. Today though, we are looking at offenses, the NFL offensive side of the ball. We're going to rank one through 32 in the NFL. Now, Brandon, before we get into these tiers, some of the listeners may have listened to our pods already of skill position, quarterback, offensive line, and how we ranked those. I guess the question I would ask is how does the criteria or even like the traits that you're looking for, how does that differ compared to what we did last week?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Yeah, so this is really kind of the culmination of all that stuff. Right. So if you haven't listened yet, be sure to go back and listen or get the written form. We've got articles up at Action Network for all of these. So quarterback, skill, position, offensive line, that's it. That's the whole 11 that are out there. And then coaching specifically for this one, what you call offensive coordinator, which is, you know, whoever's calling the plays there, that's a force multiplier. So on all the parts, we're adding it all up. It's not additive. I'm kind of weighting things differently. Obviously, I want to make quarterbacks worth the most. We talked about like running backs versus receiving and all that sort of stuff. Passing game more important than a rushing game. And then importantly, with offenses here, offense is stickier than defense just because if you have the star quarterback and or the star play caller, we pretty much know you're going to be good on offense year after year. So that's why, you know, we love the 1 to 32 rankings. I see a lot of rank the top 10 offenses podcasts out there and then they even go 10 down to 1, it's like, all right, come on, we already know the Rams and the Bills. Like, we already know who the teams are at the top. That's not really the fun part. The hard part is the teams past the top 10, the teams in the middle, especially kind of sorting out, like, okay, what do we make of all this stuff there? So we'll get to all that. And then just to say on this one, we know I'm very big on dvoa adds a lot of context in takes in schedule and that sort of thing. I look at that for a lot of numbers to kind of help me direct on how the history has gone for players, coaches, teams, that sort of thing. These rankings are effectively me trying to predict who finishes at the top and DVOA who finishes the bottom. And then basically, the further you get from the middle, the more my confidence is that you are directionally heading that way. So not necessarily. If you're number eight, I don't necessarily think you are the eighth best offense. Exactly. Maybe more like you are eighth most likely to finish at the top of the league. So near the top, I'm focusing more on ceiling and can you get there near the bottom? Focusing more on what if the bottom drops out? How bad can it get? And, well, we'll get to those teams at the end. But as always, rankings and tiers. Teams that are grouped together means they're pretty close. And again, probably near the top. I'm looking for upside at the top of the tier.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah, I was going to say, when you see some of those top 10 lists, it looks just like somebody just copied and paste the top 10 in Super bowl odds with an AI image. That's literally all the post is. Right. So. All right, well, let's get into your offensive rankings. We start at the top. Tier one. We're going to run it back. The Los Angeles Rams, by themselves, by the way, alone in Tier one. I don't think we need anybody to, like, we're not surprised that the Rams are at the top. Maybe I'm a little surprised they're alone at the top. Like, they led the league in dvoa, first place and both run and pass. Let's not talk about the good stuff about the Rams. What could go wrong with the Rams? Why wouldn't they be at the top of the league again by the end of the year?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Yeah, we know all the good stuff. Stafford, we know Puka and Devonte receiving. Kyron Ancorn, we've Talked about the 1, 2, punch the top 10 offensive line, all the tight ends we love and obviously Sean McVay. So you get the quarterback and the play caller and all the weapons pretty obvious number one when they were so good last year. The question then is can you do it again? Because don't forget a year ago at this time Baltimore was the number one in running and passing and this like hyper elite, efficient offense. It turns out if you're historically good, it's really hard to be historically good again the next year. That's like the whole point of being something historically is that it's not repeatable. So this was especially rushing attack historically great by success rate. By some of those other measures, this rushing team was as good as it gets and actually kind of surprising. Maybe 8 of 9 McVeigh years the rushing DVOA has actually been as good or better than the passing. Even though we often think about the, you know, the fireworks and the passing, that run game is the floor. So if that does regress and look it has to, it has to be a little bit down. Especially talked about the line lacking some depth. Alaric Jackson, the left tackle. Still question mark for on and off field reasons. If that comes back a little bit, the DVOA has to come back a little bit. Let me ask you this, Jill. So they were number one last year, led with that. We have five Stafford seasons now throwing out the number one. Not throwing it out, but setting that aside last year, what do you think is the Rams top DVOA offensive ranking in any of the other four Stafford seasons?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: I would think it would probably be the first year when they went to the Super Bowl. I'm going to say 8th.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: 8th is correct. It's 8th, 9th and 10th and then there's a 23rd. Yeah, you nailed that one. Well done. But that should give us a little bit of pause of just assuming the Rams is going to run it back as this crazy number one offense is great, but eighth is not first. That's a big fall off. Well done nailing that one. But it does give us re like everything on paper, everything from last year. This is number one with the bullet all alone. That's where I'm ranking to start out. History says it's hard to do it two years in a row.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah, and you mentioned the year over year aspect. Like last year at this time we weren't even sure if Matthew Stafford was going to be on the field just given the back issues and whatnot. And here we are now they're back at the top of the NFL offensive rankings. So that's number one in tier one. Let's move to tier two. If you call that gun in for that number one spot, shout out to Nelly. Number two, you got the bills. Number three, the 49ers. Number four, the Cowboys. Thank you. And number five, the Chicago Bears. Okay, not a lot of surprises in this group. I, I will say the one team that probably did surprise me the Most was the 49ers. We'll talk about them here in a second. But Buffalo, I want to start with them because you seem, you know, when we did the rankings pods last week, outside of Josh Allen, you seem pretty lukewarm on the rest of the faces of this offense, offensive line, you know, skill positions and whatnot. And then of course the 49ers, we talked about how you were. You agreed with me that the age, health problems, attrition, it's all kind of adding up. But then even with all of that, we still have them at 2 and 3. So make the case.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Yeah, I mean the case is in this, this instance history in our favor because the bills by DVOA top five four straight years by passing DVawan top three for the last five years. Now notably the one they didn't was last year they dropped down to 10th. Josh Allen was not his usual MVP self, especially taking sacks, navigating pocket, not quite as good as he has been. But we obviously get turnover here. But we did not turn over the play caller Joe Brady. So Joe Brady with him, the big leap has been not Allen, it's been the power run run game. It's been James Cook, those blockers, that continuity on the line top 10 four years in a row in Buffalo, top five each of the last two years. And we talked about the receivers. I think D.J. moore is a good fit even though I don't think he is a star number one guy for them. But those receivers block well. The tight ends add a lot of blocking even if they kind of take a slight step back there on the offensive line. This run heavy script with a rushing offense that's just built around Allen's skill set and everything else here. It's such a reliable floor and you know Allen's going to do the passing. So look, I don't love how run heavy the play calling is here under Brady as part of why I'm a little bit tepid on the team as a whole. I think it's sort of artificially caps the ceiling a little bit and that's why we end up having to have Josh Allen don the cape, you know, and play Superman late in the game Sometimes I'd rather they just let him do that the rest of the game and it looks pretty good. But at the top it's Buffalo every year it's 1, 2, 3, 4, 1 in that range and again we're looking at how likely are you and Buffalo is as likely as anyone. I think the Niners are not that far off either. They have been top nine in DVOA six of seven Shanahan seasons and think about that with the substation and all the other injuries and year after year the long list of all the names and it's just another top 10 offense in San Francisco now. The rushing attack is kind of quietly slipping the last few years. McCaffrey even Wasn't that great as a runner last year, but I think that's sort of been offset by the growth of Brock Purdy. I think the passing offense has gotten a lot better. Purdy now three full years as a starter, the Niners are averaging the number four DVO offense with top two in two of those three years and he was hurt for part of the other year. So let me word that differently. Healthy Brock Purdy in Shanahan system has been a top two offense, period. Even with all the other injuries on the line and all the weapons and everything else. So yes, I'm afraid of all the injuries on the line and all the weapons and everything else. But as long as it's Purdy, as long as it's Shanahan, history says we just should expect them to run it back near the top again.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Definitely. And the 49ers just at least have that. We talk of this word pedigree. You know, that precedent that they upset on offense. The one team though that really came out of the gates was the Bears. Ben Johnson's arrival. You were one of the first people on Bears island shout out to worst to first. From a division standpoint, is there any reason to believe they can get even better in year two under Ben Johnson?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Yeah, I don't see why not. The Bears had been 22nd to 26th in offense six straight years and then Ben shows up and they immediately go top 10. I think we had them eighth last year. They finished ninth here. The big, big jump, especially in the run game. I think that should be very strong. Again, it's Ben Johnson, man. He's elevating the offensive line. He's helping Caleb Williams grow. We talked about the way that kind of cut down some of those mistakes and got a lot better managing the pocket. It's the run heavy Script sets the high floor and then you open up the play action. What I'd love to see. Where, where can they grow? We talked about this with Caleb. Eat some more vegetables, give me some of the more in between stuff. It's still a little bit too much of a home run offense. They're getting the big plays, but especially in Ben Johnson football, you want to get the in between the easier stuff as well. And I think if we can get some of the more vegetables along the way and then those pass catchers, burden O'Dun say, and obviously Loveland, if they take the leap, that's the area of growth, then the sky's the limit here. But I think projecting top five as a slight step forward from top ten is the right way to go with Ben Johnson.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Okay, so you just said something. Top five Dallas Cowboys, top five offense. That's music to my ears. But make the case, what's like the ceiling that you could think of with Dallas then?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Yeah, I've seen some people out there have Dallas as high as number one and I want to get that excited about it. I have a hard time getting quite to number one healthy Dak Prescott, you know, I'm a Dak guy. Top 10 DVOA, six of his seven healthy seasons. So you're getting that floor in the top 10. The problem is it's usually in the 6 to 10 range, not the top 5 range. So for me this is the leap already into the top five. And last year Clayton Adams showing up the big leap was actually in the run game. We got a lot of attention on George Pickens, but you know, Javante Williams and those other options, those are not the strongest running backs in the league. We love Hunter Lipke, the fullback from ndsu, love my guy there. But these aren't the best options attacking. But Clayton Adams is this creative run game attacker. That's where the leap was. I do think that's too last year as well, you know, horrible, horrible defense. Last in the league by dvoa. So that's putting you in negative field position, negative game script all game long, all season long. What if that's a little bit better, even like closer to league average. Now is the offense set up a little bit more in position to succeed? And now can Dak and these pass catchers take the next step forward? Again you hit ceiling with passing. The run game is there now if they want to push up all the way into the top five. And I think that's more the ceiling for me is closer to five than to one Probably. But I do think that this is, you know, all signs up for this group.
[00:00 - 00:01] Speaker C: Okay, so that was tier two. You had the Buffalo Bills, the San Francisco 49ers, the Dallas Cowboys and the Chicago Bears. Rounding out your top five, let's now move to tier three. And this one, you got four teams in this group. You've got the Kansas City Chiefs at 6, Cincinnati Bengals, Los Angeles Chargers, Baltimore Ravens. For me, the main thing I take away immediately like you've got four AFC quarterbacks like stud kind of lifting those supporting casts. Right. So let's start then with the Chiefs because we talked about this in the skill position rankings that you're starting to see regression on that front as far as personnel goes. And I just not sure if I'm ready to get back on the horse and believe with the Chiefs maybe you are. But it has to be probably more than just Patrick Mahomes and Andy Reid.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: It's a lot Patrick Mahomes and Andy Reid. To be honest, the more this year that I'm hoping for and why I am a little bit more confident than I expected. I like the way the line has come together and I really think Kenneth Walker can be a stronger addition than is being imagined. Look, I'm team running backs don't matter normally, but this was actually a relatively good rushing attack by success rate only. You needed 3 yards, they could get you 3 or 4 yards, they just couldn't get you 8 or 12 or 20. They got like the worst explosive run rate in the league. Kenneth Walker is not as good at getting you the easy stuff that's there, but he is good at hitting that hole and exploding through and finding those explosives. So can that kind of mesh together? Can the line and the offensive system open up the easy stuff and can the talent there that they didn't have with Pacheco and all the other guys last year, can Walker's talent and explosion add a lot there? That's the hope. Look, the passing has fallen off. We know how much the receiving has fallen off. There's not great options there. So I'm not necessarily expecting this to be this high flying 5000 yard Mahomes season again. But it is Mahomes, it is Andy Reid and I think there's always that upside too. If those guys get the fastball back, this is still number one potential and I have to trust the floor. Even as it's gone bad. Last three years bad has meant 8th, 8th and 12th by DVOA and 12th is with Mahomes missing half of the time as well, not half, but a chunk of time. So if the floor is eighth, really, then putting them at six, I can still feel pretty good about that.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Okay, Chiefs, fine. But Bengals, I would, I would call you a skeptic. That would be the word that I would use of the Bengals and how you're approaching them on offense, it seems like. And I guess really what I want to know is like at 7, like, how are things going to be different for Joe Burrow and the Bengals as you wear your Bengals T shirt here.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Had to wear the Bengals shirt today. I believe this is probably the highest I've ever ranked this team going into the year. And look, I'll be honest, I thought the numbers kind of won me over as I dug into this. I'm usually the Bengal skeptic. I'm usually like, I don't know, everyone just pencils them in for top five. I don't know if they're sure, top ten. But part of that is because the underlying stuff that we don't focus on as much has been so garbage to me over the years. The offensive line, the coaching staff, nothing to help elevate. And we've talked about it along the way of just what if the offensive line is just kind of almost average and maybe slightly bad, but not terrible. They've got all five guys back. What if the play calling gets a little bit better? And look, I actually think the play calling, the numbers, maybe not quite as bad as I have painted it over the years. They actually rose last year to the number six rushing attack by dvoa. And now you get the whole lineback. You get Chase Brown back. He's an underrated weapon. And that continuity on the line I think can help the earlier start. We know how Cincinnati has started slow oftentimes. And then here's where I came back to it. Last four years with Burrow, DVOA offensively fourth then 11th, fifth, then 13th. But those two times outside the top 10, where I often slot them, Burrow missed 10 games and missed eight games. That's half of the season both time. And so if you just kind of do the math on it, that's a top five offense. Top five four years in a row is just that. You're getting the not Burrow offense for the other half of the time, which we know has been more successful than you think. But the numbers basically say, hey, listen, Brandon, the numbers are right there. Burrow and this offense is already top five. And if the run game is better and the lines a little better and the play calling is a little better. Maybe I'm actually being too conservative here. So I ended up really wanting to push them up the ranks and wear. Wear the Bengals shirt. Then let's get in on this team this year.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Well, the. The Chargers, like when we did these rankings pods last week, very high on the offensive line and the coaching and the fact that you were so high on those positions, I think I was just shocked to see them at eight. I thought maybe they'd be in tier two. Right. Like, so make the case. Chargers at eight. Yeah.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: So I initially had these three we just talked about. Exactly. Flipped. I had Chargers at 6. Ended up moving them down a little bit. A lot of stuff I like here. I like Herbert. I love Mike McDaniel. We know the McDaniel hype and obviously some of those extra pieces we added. And then the big question with the offensive line, but high in my rankings there as well. The problem is it's a lot of things that I like and I'm already pricing in pretty strongly. I realize I'm kind of already pricing them at their peak and I do think they can get there. I think this is a top three potential maybe in November or December once the line can figure itself out and get healthier once they can adjust, once McDaniel finds some answers. But McDaniel's only had four years with Miami. Two top seven offenses, but bottom 10 the last two years. And look, he did some cool stuff, found some great running attacks. But still, you want to not be bottom 10 if you're this offensive genius. Herbert, he's only had one top 10 DVO offense ever. His average finish is 14th. They were 21st last year. So all of that to get to what do we have them here? Eighth. That's a big jump already to get there. So I think on the balance of the season, a little caution, maybe toward the back end of the top 10, even though I think that maybe toward the playoffs as things kind of round into place, this slowly moves up the list. But it's a belief in Herbert McDaniel. The run game offensive line, I still like all that, but I'm already pricing in my like of it all and it still kind of puts them in this range. So I think I need to price in a little bit of caution to. Because it's the Chargers. We all know the caution needs to be there.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Well, we're recording this on Monday, August 24th. By the time you might listen to this, you might have heard of another offensive line injury that we're not aware of coming out of the Chargers camp. Okay, speaking of a plummet here, the Ravens, because you mentioned that you had them number one overall coming into the season last year. So this feels like kind of a bet on Lamar bouncing back here, especially with their new oc Declan Doyle, make the case for the Ravens.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Yeah, this is kind of the opposite of what I just said, where I actually had them a little lower, like 12 or 13, and I kept kind of just looking team by team, slowly move them up a spot, move them up a spot, and they ended up at the last second moving up a tier because I was like, well, look, like you said, here's these stud AFC quarterbacks with their cast. That fits the Lamar Jackson thing, too. So we talked about how good this offense was two years ago. We know the ceiling and the floor is the. The rushing attack, which they were top five even last year, even as things didn't go well and Lamar couldn't even run, so he wasn't even really part of that. Last year, they were still top five. And now Declan Doyle, the projection is Ben Johnson offense. So what does that mean? Great run game. I can't expect that to go anywhere with Derrick Henry. And now Lamar's legs hopefully back and usually less passing, but efficient passing. And we've seen when Lamar does the little bit less but more efficient thing, it can be really good. So wide, wide variance offense for me, we don't know with Declan Doyle yet what it looks like or even if Lamar is totally healthy. I have this, like, as high as the number three offense, as low as 20th, which is close to where they were last year. So in the end, I kind of like it. I kind of believe in this group and the results that we've seen, and I just kept slowly nudging them up the rankings.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: All right, let's move to tier four. This one's called the Sky's the Limit, aka the ceiling is the roof. And at number 10, you have the Green Bay packers, number 11, New England Patriots, number 12, Minnesota Vikings, number 13, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Green Bay, you had them bottom five offensive line, so the fact that you have them top 10. Is this just directly related to your belief in Jordan Love?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: But it's really. It's Matt LaFleur, actually, that it's the floor here for him. He's never finished below 11th in offensive dua any season. And with Jordan Love, top six every season, including top four passing, and it's like, it's hard to ignore those numbers. Last year, that was kind of the notes I had on this team. And Here we are again. Now I do think this is probably the floor version of lafleur because of the offensive line and I don't love how run heavy his teams are. Especially if you're going to be inefficient run heavy with a bad line, then I really am not going to love that. So I had to keep them top 10 just because Matt LaFleur and Jordan Love. It's such a high floor for me. And man, saying lafleur and floor a bunch of times in a row don't do that. But I'm not super in on this team, but I can't be super out with those two around.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Okay, so top 10. You have the Patriots just outside the top 10 this time even though they did finish third in DVOA last year. And I mean they added some better skill guys. They added A.J. brown and Romeo Dobbs. So what contributed to them dropping out of the top 10 for you?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Yeah, it's not necessarily for me dropping out of the top 10 even though I know they were third last year. It's for me how high could I get them from where I had them last year? And look, I was in on Drake May but I think I still haven't caught up to the public perception of just how in you have to be on Drake May for this. Obviously the receiving group is a huge boost this year. A.J. brown, Romeo Dobbs, we talked about how we love how that totally remakes the weapons. I just had a hard time getting them all the way up like you. Basically I have to make Drake May something of equal to Josh Allen in my metrics in order to get the Patriots up into the top 10 and even pushing top five and I'm just not there quite yet. And maybe he is that good and I know he looked that good last year, but the rushing attack really still below average here. Last year it was all Drake Mano's all the downfield attack and I know it should be even better theoretically, but things aren't that was linear. So if I'm low on this one it's because I just haven't quite got there all the way on Drake May I had him what I think sixth or seventh in my QB rankings as well. That wasn't the case last year. He was number one. He was the best guy out there. So if he is that again, I'm just going to have to adjust and move them slowly up. All right.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: I'm going to combine the Vikings and Bucks here because it's kind of a combination here of what I Wanted to ask with the the bucks that you had their offensive line like top two, the Vikings, you know their coaching staff or skill position in top five. They've seen top five ranks in different various shapes of forms of these rankings that we've done, but they're still inside the top 10 as an overall offense. So I guess really what it comes down to for these two teams, what do you think can push them into a top ten rank?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Yeah. So the Vikings, we talked about a little skepticism from me on Kevin O' Connell having never had a top 14 offense yet in the NFL. Average DVOA rank is 20 seconds. Almost bottom 10 there, I believe. I think this is going to be the best version yet. If we get a healthy Kyler Murray, if we get a healthy offensive line, obviously a big question mark there, but Frank Smith bringing in him to coach the offensive line I think is going to unlock a rushing attack that koc's really never had there. So I think this is going to sound crazy, but if KOC calls plays the way one gives them credit for and if the line is healthy and Kyler is relatively healthy, I think that even not even like an A outcome for those group, even like a B plus, I think this has like a Shanahan style offense. Top three upside if the pieces are all there, but we need to see the pieces there. With Tampa it's really all that offensive line. So they were number seven in offense just two years ago. That was a Liam Cohen year. They've been like 18th and 20th around that. So is this an average offense or a pretty good one? I'm kind of splitting the difference here in the middle. I'm a little nervous on this one. This is about. I think I'm high man on the Bucks from what I've seen around the Internet. But it's belief in that line. I think this can end up the number one offensive line. I kind of like Zach Robinson as a play caller. I'm sort of believing in the Baker. I believe here we are at 13th. I think that's right where I had Baker squeezing him into 13th as you pointed out. Just got one more name into the rankings and so this is where I'm at with Tampa and it's a team I've really wanted to believe in.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Football season is here folks. And if you don't already have the Action Network app, now is the time plus to get the most out of the app. You'll want to be an Action Pro subscriber. It's only with Action Pro you get real time. Pick alerts from myself, Brandon, the entire Action Network team of experts and you can access Pro projections which are powered by Sean Kerner and our predictive analytics team and a ton of other benefits. And right now Action Network podcast listeners can save $20 off the annual price of Action Pro. Just go to actionnetwork.compro and use code POD20 that's actionnetwork.compro and use Code POD20 for $20 off the annual price of Action Pro.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: This summer there are 250 reasons to
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: join T Mobile Girls Trip booked and
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: switching to T Mobile help make it happen.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Then with experience beyond switch and get $100 back plus $650 in value in
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: built in plan benefits.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: That's $750 in your first year guaranteed.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: And honestly, that hundred dollars back, I'm
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: putting it towards the zipline now. That's how you do summer. Exactly.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Best Switch I ever made.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: This is just one reason to join
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: T Mobile this summer.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: There are 250 reasons. Find yours
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: savings based on the value of benefits included with experience beyond like entertainment and one year of AAA Classic and DashPass on us.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Benefits may require activation.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: See plan for details. Get $100 via Virtual Prepaid MasterCard with eligible ported no cash access and expires in six months. Issued by Sunrise Banks and a member FDIC.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Allow eight weeks ChatGPT can do more than answer questions. It can help you get real work done. ChatGPT work is built for bigger projects with multiple steps. You bring the goal along with the information it needs, like briefs, notes, files, feedback, calendars, data sets or project plans. Then ChatGPT can help turn all of that into something useful an analysis, a tracker, a deck outline, a prototype, or a workflow you can keep shaping. It can also use approved apps, connected tools, files and browser context to help move the work forward. And you stay in control. You give direction, review drafts, approve actions, redirect the work and choose the final output so you spend less time sorting through busy work and more time making progress on the work that matters. Put ChatGPT to work on your most ambitious ideas and projects. Get started@chatgpt.com by selecting Work Mode, available on plus and Pro plans.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Amazon Health AI presents painful thoughts why
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: did I search the Internet for answers to my cold sore problem? Now I'm stuck down a rabbit hole filled with images of alarmingly graphic sores in various stages of ooze. I can clear my search history, but I can never unsee that.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Don't go down the rabbit hole. Amazon Health AI gets you the right care fast. Healthcare just got less painful.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Your car says a lot about you. It's almost an extension of you. And when you feel like you're not in the right car, well, it just feels off. And that's why finding a new car can feel so exciting. It's almost like you're reinventing yourself. Because you kinda are. That's where cars.com comes in. There are over 2 million different cars to a million. Imagine driving with 50,000 more added daily. Whatever car you're looking for, new used sports car, SUV, truck, anything at all, you can find it@cars.com and it's so simple. You'll find all the tools and expert advice you need to narrow down the exact car that you want. With Cars.com you can filter by price, mileage and the must haves to find what fits your next chapter and their details. Wheel badges help you spot a great price right away. And then every time you climb behind the wheel of your new car, it'll really be your car. The car that fits you. Start your search@cars.com where to next?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: This is Ashley Iconetti from the Ben and Ashley I Almost Famous Podcast Ben I've been reflecting a lot lately on how many big life moments our listeners have experienced with us.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Yeah, it's pretty wild.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: They've watched us go from dating shows to engagements, weddings, babies buying homes. Every stage comes with new decisions.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: The milestones are the fun part, but the planning is where things get real.
[00:01 - 00:02] Speaker D: That's why Klarna stands out. Klarna gives people smarter tools to help manage everyday money with flexible ways to pay cash back that builds automatically everything in one place and support that makes everyday decisions feel less overwhelming.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Since life moves so fast, the right
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: tools can help you feel more confident. Download the Klarna app today or visit
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: klarna.com to learn more. California Resident Loans made or arranged pursuant to a California Finance law license and
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: MLS number 1353190 Klarna balance account required to be eligible for cashback points limitations Terms and conditions apply. The Action Network podcast has teamed up with DraftKings and we've got some great news. Football season is almost here and something big is coming to DraftKings Sports. Get ready for DraftKings game day on September 2nd, where we'll be celebrating the return of football with exciting offers and game day deals all day. DraftKings sports app is now available in all 50 states, bringing the excitement straight to your fingertips wherever you are. From Florida to Texas to California, you'll Never miss a beat. Sweat all the games you love in a seamless experience, no matter where you're watching, with one app. Download the DraftKings sports app now and use Code Action Network so you're ready when the action kicks off. DraftKings, the Crown is yours. All right, let's move to tier five. You've titled this tier. This would be extremely disappointing. And at number 14, you have the Detroit Lions. And number 15, the Jacksonville Jaguars. Number 16, the Eagles. 17, Broncos. And 18, the Colts. Okay, five teams in this tier. Very interesting group of teams as well. When we did rankings for like skill positions and just other phases, you had the Lions, you know, top five in some spots here, all the way down to 14th overall, though.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah, the Lions are a team I think is going to really surprise some people. The teams in this group are teams that we are expecting largely. We at large in the fandom and media expect these to be good offenses. And here we are basically calling them league average here. The Lions, I think, are the biggest surprise. I've seen them in a lot of top five offense rankings overall. I just can't quite get there with this group. To me, we've sort of talked about this throughout on all the podcasts so far. Everything is just continuing to move in the wrong direction. No Ben Johnson anymore. The direction offensively has not been quite the same. The run game has slowly dropped a little bit, barely top 10 last year, and now David Montgomery is gone. The offensive line, we talked about my concerns there back down to about the same spot league average there, especially while Cade Mays, the new center, is out and Penne Sewell is adjusting to the left side and you get a rookie on the right side and all that just adds up to, I think, an ecosystem where the interior line isn't as strong and now Jared Goff is maybe struggling and we know how he has not been good. Most aren't, but especially gauff under interior pressure. And then the whole setup is run heavy and that normally works for them. But if the run game isn't quite as reliable or strong, and now you need to pass more and you don't want to be passing more when it's golf in a must pass scenario, there are just a lot of yellow flags here. There are no red flags. There's a lot of things to like, but I just feel like I need to keep tilting in the direction where this is going and I don't want to fight upstream. And it seems like we kind of are like, oh, you know what? The Lions, their ratings Were pretty good last year. Everything is fine. I don't think everything is fine. I think everything is slowly slipping in that Detroit team.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Yeah, the window seems to be closing much faster on Detroit than we had anticipated, I think. And part of that, I think, is the offensive line regression. Jacksonville, though, bit of a surprise here at 15. I thought maybe they might crack top 10 for you, just given how your affinity for like Liam Cohen and that coaching staff and then even just the fact that you had Trevor Lawrence, if my memory serves, you had him 11th overall for quarterbacks. So how does that add up for you to be at 15th?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah, I ended up kind of thinking about this team the way I described the Bengals from the last few years because it's the. It's the limitations of the offensive line here as a bottom offensive line that just hurts so much of the underlying stuff. It nukes the run game that Cohen has not found a good run game here and it just limits your overall upside. And what's interesting, as much as we love Liam Cohen, look, I had that staff so high tier 2 in the coaching staff rankings and it's partly the defensive guys and special teams even as well. But I gave Cohen a lot of Credit. They finished 14th on offense last year. If you look at the three years before Cohen got there with Trevor Lawrence, they finished an average of 14th. They didn't go up at all last year. They did the same thing. They stayed the course. They did go up late in the season, but they play a lot of weak defenses late in the season. So I do think this again with Detroit, we're trickling the wrong direction. I think we're moving the right direction here, but we need to see more offensive line and we need to see can Cohen reach the Bucks heights. Remember, that's the team he got up to number seven. He didn't quite do that yet with this Jacksonville offense, can he get there? I think they're moving that direction, but not quite there yet.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Okay, let's move to the segment that we seem to do in every show where we try to piss off the Eagles fans. 16th for the Eagles overall on offense. Basically middle of the pack and without me putting words in your mouth. Are you. Is that what you're saying, that this offense is middle of the pack?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: I think I am. You can put the words in my mouth. We know it's not hard to get on the Eagles fans bad side. I seem to be quite good at it. But I think A.J. brown is very obviously a huge loss here. I know we like some of the Receivers they brought in. But no, AJ is just going to be. Has to be factored in. Everything kind of filters down there. I think the offensive line we talked about, even if it's top five, not number one, that's still a drop there. The run game has really slowly slipped away. Here's the Run DV away over the last five years under Hurts, number one, then third, then fifth and sixth, still good. Wrong direction. Then 24th last year. Huge drop off. Saquon wasn't getting those huge explosives. And look, those will probably come back a little bit there. But I think it's fascinating because I think that that mirrors Jalen Hurts as a runner where he's just not running that much anymore and he's not adding the value that he once did there. And as a passer, he's just not adding that much value, if I'm being honest. Passing offense the last three years. And let's remember with A.J. brown, with Devontae Smith, they've been 12th, 14th, just kind of like slightly above average and they're not even passing that much. So it's, it's. I can't get there with Jalen Hurts. I don't love Sean Manion's fit with this team. They want to attack the middle of the field. Jalen Hurts. I got to see it. I got to see it. Do the thing. For all the things we looked at with Jalen Hurts, they basically had the best line in the league for his whole five years there. They've had great weapons most of the time. Saquon and A.J. and Devonte, you know that in five years with Jalen Hurts, the Eagles have one top nine offense ever. They have averaged 11. They average outside the top 10 with probably the best quarterback setup in the league. Sorry, Jalen Hurts is not that guy. And until he shows he is for more than one game in the playoffs, for how about 18 in the regular season? Again, I have to cap the ceiling here.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Oh man, the Eagles fans are going to be my DMs after this. Here we go.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Putting that clip on social. I already feel it.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Denver bit lower than I thought you would have them just given especially when we talked about the skill positions and you weighing wide receiver so heavily and talking about how the incoming of Jalen Waddle and how that'll affect this offense. What's happening here? Because it seems like this might just be a case of we already kind of know what we're getting. Is that why we have them here around 17?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah, I think that that's mostly that case this is about where they've been finishing the last few years with Sean Payton. And look, they've raised the floor to make them kind of be in this group. It's pretty good to be in a group with Detroit, with Philadelphia. That's pretty good for what the personnel is in Denver. And I think Waddle raises the ceiling. The question mark is Davis Webb actually calling plays now. And it's possible that Waddle raising the ceiling. And look, I thought the Sean Payton offense was a bit ceiling cap the last couple of years because of what they're doing. Maybe Davis Webb raises the ceiling to something above that. I think that's totally possible. But he's also not Sean Payton, so he also has to lower the floor of where that could go in the other direction. And I don't really know, to be honest. So this is one where I'm sticking them in the middle for now and I'm expecting them to maybe move five points in either direction. I just don't know until we see it a little bit.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Yeah, the clock's ticking on Davis Webb because Sean Payton will just take that.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Right. He'll just do the thing.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Yeah.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Which does limit the floor a little bit, to be fair. You know, they can only fall so far like we saw with the Lions last year, wasn't work with John Morton. So they're just like, all right, Dan Campbell, do the thing again. So that could happen here. And it's a good point. So I haven't had them any lower because, you know, we already know how good they can be and it should be easy. Safe ish floor and some room for ceiling.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Well, a team that we did see it working for at least the first two months of the season was the Indianapolis Colts because they were. They were putting up pretty decent numbers, especially with Daniel Jones. But now we're coming back with Daniel Jones torn Achilles. So you're not buying it like that. That can get back to that kind of ceiling.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah. I was surprised how high they were in the numbers. They still finish as the fifth best offense last season, even though we basically only had good offense for half of the year. That's how good they were for that half of the year. They were still top seven rush and passing to end the season. I should be higher on them, to be honest. The Stichen. I love the offensive line. I love the run game is really good. It's just Daniel Jones. I just can't do with Daniel Jones as the player we've known over the years, but particularly off the Achilles injury and I know we're all hearing all the buzz and training camp, but we're also hearing we're not going to get to see him until he plays in week one. And look, if he goes out and plays two, three good games to start the year and they're right back to being that top offense, I'm going to have been wrong on this and I'll have to adjust in a big way. But I just. We've seen Kirk Cousins, we've seen Aaron Rodgers, older guys. I know, but we've seen recently quarterbacks off Achilles and I know it's like, oh, Achilles is just like a spray nickel these days. Shake it off and get back out there. I just can't quite do it with Daniel Jones. So I'm going to be skeptical for now, but it's very clear that the upside is there.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Yeah, Achilles and torn acl. That used to be like micro fracture surgery, like where you just don't come back from it. Now anybody can come back from those surgeries. Okay, let's move to tier 6. This tier is called Squint and you could maybe see a competent offense at 19. You have the Washington Commanders, number 20, the Raiders, number 21, the Seahawks, and number 22, the Saints. I feel like I got to defend the Seahawks here because there's been a couple of pods that we've done now and I mean, they're just coming off of a Super bowl win where I'm seeing them in the bottom 10 in some phases of offense. What. What's the case here? Like, why were you so down overall on this unit?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah, and they were top 10. They finished 10th last year with Kubiak, but Kubiak is not there anymore. And that really is the whole thing for me as we'll get to in a couple other teams in this tier where I thought Kubiak's offense already faded late in the season early they were looking so good. That efficient deep ball, jsn putting up huge numbers and that started to disappear and there wasn't a lot of eating vegetables left underneath that. There wasn't a lot of substance underneath that. And now if I think, look, the defense has to be a little worse than last year. Even though I think it'll be great. That means a worse game script than last year. Probably we're going to get a worse rushing attack because Kenneth Walker is gone and Charbonnet, we don't know when he'll play. So we basically have a rookie there. All that is again tilting things in the wrong direction. And you take Away Kubiak, you take away the floor. What made the offensive line go from what was supposed to be bottom five last year to this, like, quality, above average sort of unit? Okay, well, how about now? How about after Kubiak? Because we've seen that in other places hasn't gone as well. We don't know much about Fleury, the new play caller. I just. There are a lot of reasons for me to point down on this team than arrow pointing up. And so I'm surprised to have them this low. They don't feel like they belong in this group. But if you said top 10 or bottom 10, you can't go middle. I have to go bottom 10 because I just don't see a strong top 10 case.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Okay, but these other three teams, like, they kind of. I don't know, I probably would have had the Seahawks at the first of this tier or maybe even a tier above. But. But let's just talk about these four teams as a group because in your article that you published on Action Network, you had set these four offenses. If things go well, like, they could be in the top half of the league. And so I guess we already talked about the Seahawks. Make the case for Commanders, Raiders, Saints. Like what you like about these three offenses and maybe even why you rank them in that order. Because again, I just, I think the Seahawks, if I had to, I would probably put them first in this tier and that's probably the only difference.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah. So this maybe is just the Clint Kubiak tier, as it turns out, because we're going to talk about them for two of these three teams. The Raiders are the other side of the Kubiak coin. They get him this year. So what I'm taking away as the floor razor gone from Seattle. I'm adding in to the Vegas side of things where the offensive line is rated pretty low, but Colton Miller is a stud. They go out and get Tyler Linderbaum. That line could be good if you get those guys and Kubiak raising the floor. If you're a fancy football player. If you had a draft on Sunday, you had a whirlwind of a day. Ashton Genti gets this injury early in the day and it's like, oh, no, he's out for the season. What's this going to be terrible. And then like end of the night, it's like, oh, yeah, he had a sprained ankle. It's fine, everybody. Don't worry about it. So hopefully you got him for cheap in your draft. Mike Washington's look good. He's suddenly going like second round yesterday in drafts. Now you get both of them because Genti is fine. I think you get this sort of stable run game and now you get either Cook, Kirk Cousins or eventually Mendoza. And picture Brock Bowers as the wide receiver one they don't really have a receiver, but he's basically a receiver and a pretty good one. So you get the offense built around, run the football play action to Bowers over the middle. Then you get Jack Bash, you get some of the other guys catching stuff underneath, some long stuff. You can sort of see the vision. You can see everything kind of coming together there. And I think it probably later this year or next year is the real vision there. But I just, I can see the upside there. Best out of this group, the Saints, their Kubiak team also. They were the team that Kubiak two years ago and we saw last year the rushing attack drop from top half of the league to 30th when he left. Now look, last year we liked a lot of things about the Saints. The numbers don't really buy it. The numbers share some of the skepticism I've had where they actually fell from 23rd to 27th in offense last year. 27th. As much as we've talked about all the upside on the guys here and I think a lot of that is factoring in that it was a lot against bad defenses late. So we know about the receivers, the offensive line, all the youth upside there. Those same dudes are all the injury risk as well. So a bit of skepticism for them. Commander is not a whole lot known here. We don't love losing Laramie Tunsil, so that might just sort of doom this ranking already. But it's Jaden Daniels, it's still Jane Daniels who clearly has like top 5 to 7 potential who did it already as a rookie. And we like David Blough as an upside there. We don't really know but if I had to pick one of the teams, I want to pick the quarterback and the play caller. So I like Kubiak the play caller the best. This is the Kubiak grouping, but I like Blau and I'll bet on Jane Daniels. Hard for me to get there on the Saints. There's just too many things that can go wrong for them.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Well, the things that are probably going to go wrong are for these next 10 teams because we're in the bottom 10 now of offenses and it's just going to get gross as we keep going. This is tier 7 you call definitely not good, but shouldn't Be terrible. And the way I interpret that is first off the teams that are in this tier is the Houston Texans, the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Arizona Cardinals. The way I interpret this tier name is that they're not going to be top five offenses by any time, any time soon. But you're not expecting them to completely bottom out either.
[00:02 - 00:03] Speaker B: Yeah, that's exactly it. It's just kind of like something akin to below average. And look, so let's do Steelers first, because how many average Steelers have we had? Like every ranking? Average, average, average. What's not average is the quarterback and the play caller. Well, that's Aaron Rodgers and Mike McCarthy. So that's why you're not average Steelers. You're below average. Do the math on how I factored in the quarterback in the play calling. Arizona, bottom 10 offensive line. No real quarterback. Different LaFleur. Mike LaFleur there. Don't know if we quite trust that yet. It did not go well when he called play for the jets, so have to be a little skeptical there and then. Actually, I might be low on the Texans here because C.J. stroud, three years in the NFL, has actually finished 20th on average on offense. That's not terrible. I don't think we think of the Texans as 20th. I think we think of them as like 28th. Like, close your eyes. It's awful. Look away like it was in the playoffs. They were 19th last year, including. They were 19th running the football last year. The thing that I and many others are like, they can't run the ball at all. The line stinks. There's nothing there. So weirdly enough, ftn, who actually puts out the DVOA rankings, they project the Texans in their top 10, I think even like closer to top five offensively this year. If you like that, you should be getting the super bowl ticket right now for that team because we know how good the defense will be. I can't see it. I can't get there anywhere close. In my matrix, all my numbers are everything. I don't trust the O line at all. Even though I'm kind of into it. It's just Nico Collins among weapons. I can't quite get there. But this is still fringe. Bottom 10 and I think mine. The numbers from DVOA suggest they should really even be up a handful of spots from here. But I don't know, maybe Houston is more bad than terrible and I have a hard time parsing between those two things.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Okay, so these three teams, you think they're not going to bottom out? That's the Texans, Steelers and Cardinals. But these next four teams, it seems pretty likely we're at 26. We have the Falcons, number 27, the Giants, number 28, the Panthers, and number 29, the Jets. I got one small critique here because if you listen to our skill position rankings, you had the Cardinals and Falcons in the top 10. I didn't necessarily agree with those rankings, but I was like, okay, these are your rankings. You do your thing. But then I look at this overall ranking and I'm like 25th and 26th. I'm like, okay, that seems maybe a little more accurate. But again, make the case of why we're at bottom five like or close to bottom five on this side, but yet still have the skill position players to be in the top 10.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Yeah, because we're playing football, not fantasy football. And it's more than just the skill players there. And because somebody's got to play quarterback and somebody has to call plays and block and I don't love most of that stuff with these teams. With the Falcons, I kind of like the blocking too. Remember I had them near top 10 offensive line, so I really feel like this should be higher. What this is reflecting is I don't really believe in Stefanski and Tommy Reese as the offense. I thought maybe that would bring a floor there, but I looked into it and they were bottom five offense the last three years in a row. With Cleveland, look, nothing to work with there. But what are you working with in Atlanta? You got either TUA or Michael Panix. And at the end of the day, even if I paint the optimistic view of one of those guys playing quarterback, it's still like a below average, no ceiling quarterback. And so even the good Falcons scenario, quarterback wise, I just can't get to any realistic ceiling with this group because it's hard to imagine. And then the bad is really bad because you might not have an NFL quarterback on the roster. I don't know if Penix is a quarterback anyway, but he's not ready and TUA is like, can't throw from me to you across the screen right now. So I don't know what's supposed to be left there.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: All right, let's stick with the two teams in New York, both the Giants and the Jets. I think I'm a little more optimistic on the giant side on offense than the jets. But what could make the bottom fall out on both of these offenses?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Yeah, I want to be more optimistic on the Giants. We're going to do worst to first later this week and they are definitely in my running for that sort of team. The optimism there is there's four guys that have got to stay healthy. It's Jackson, Dart, Cam, Scatterbell, Malik, Neighbors, Andrew Thomas. If they have a good season, if they push 8, 9, 10 wins and kind of stay in the mix of things, it's because those four guys stayed healthy. In particular, Neighbors and Thomas really have to stay healthy. I actually think if Dart were to get hurt, I'm kind of intrigued by Jameis Winston, like the perfect YOLO guy in this offensive. Being honest, I don't necessarily hate that, but underneath all that is Matt Nagy. We know how we don't like Matt Nagy and what he does to offenses. Can he provide a full floor? Can the floor raise for this team? What I like about Dart and Jamis is they're not vegetable guys, they're home run hitters. And with this offense, it's not going to be a good play in, play out sort of offense. But can they hit some big plays? Can they go Neighbors down the sideline? Can Scatterbo get some big plays in there? I like the upside there, but take away one or two of those pieces and the Jenga starts to shake and tumble really quickly. And we know how injury prone all four of those guys have been with the jets actually surprised me. 20th and 21st offense the last two years. Not as bad as I would have thought that they were. A lot of young talent up and down the roster. Except at quarterback where you were rightfully skeptical of my Geno Smith ranking. I am being rightfully skeptical of my Geno Smith ranking here because the only way it works for the jets is two big things have to go at least sort of right? Geno has to be at least sort of okay and Frank Reich has to be at least sort of okay. And I can very easily see a world where neither one of those guys or even if even one of them is terrible. Then I think the whole thing turns into a pumpkin and that's it. And last one, Panthers. It's just the offensive line is so rough right now and I'm a little bit lower on Dave Canales after digging in too. He's actually never had an offense better than 20th in the three years even. What got him the job From Tampa was 20th as a huge drop from Liam Cohen. So the ranking spot here is kind of the Bryce Young ranking, where it's like just good enough to not be awful and that's about it. And it's just like this. You got a little bit of floor and no ceiling and that's where we're stuck here.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Yeah, it's hard to be optimistic with the Panthers right now. I think you have them bottom five ranked in everything that we've done, except for coaching so far. So now bottom three teams, this is our final tier, and there is no optimism in sight at this stage. It is the Tennessee Titans, the Miami Dolphins and the Cleveland Browns. Not surprised they've been bottom five in some way, shape or form in every one of our rankings. We did an exercise at the start with the Rams where I was like, why wouldn't they finish number one? Why? What about these bottom three teams? Why aren't these bottom three teams? Like, why won't they finish at the bottom?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: I think if you want to squint and find a little bit of hope with the Titans, it's got to just be Cam Ward, right? Like, we know the tools. We know you can pass the itest. Cam Ward, can you do it for a few plays in a row? Can you put together a drive? Can you give us a whole half foot football? I don't know, man. I've been watching a preseason football. I don't feel great about the belief in Cam Ward right now. I don't see the leap coming there. But if Carnell tight at those better receivers, if that passing game can find a leap, maybe that's where they outperform a little bit. With the Dolphins, I think it's the run game. It's Devon Hn and then Malik Willis. We know he's going to be a good runner. I don't know if he's a pass. I don't know if he's a quarterback, frankly, but we know he can run. And Bobby Slowik offensively has been good starting with the run game. And so maybe they can just get a floor with the run game there and with Cleveland. Look, if you're dead last in the quarterback rankings and apparently starting Deshaun Watson, what are you doing, Cleveland? And you're dead last in the offensive line rankings. You're dead in arrival. I don't know what you're supposed to do with that. The upside, belief for Cleveland. And I do believe it a little bit. A lot of fun, young weapons, right? We like Casey Concepcion, we like Denzel Boston, and Todd Monken has found ways to make things work. So what if we could just snap the ball and get it out real quick to one of the weapons and let them be the offense and just try to minimize the quarterback and the blocking as much as we can. Maybe you'll find Something there, but hard for me to get any of these teams past like the bottom five to seven.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Yeah, as soon as I saw that they announced DeSean Watson is the week one starter, I was like, they cannot be any higher than 32. They have to be last with DeSean Watson there as quarterback. All right, let's talk about the top 10 again. So at the top 10, number one, you have the Rams. Two bills, number three, 49ers number four, Cowboys. Number five, Chicago Bears. Followed by that, you have the Kansas City Chiefs, Cincinnati Bengals, Los Angeles Chargers, Baltimore Ravens and Green Bay packers rounding out that top 10. Now I made a joke at the top that a lot of the time these people's top 10 rankings, it kind of just feels like you took the super bowl odds and just copied it over. Obviously. It just seems like from these rankings, like offense wins the day.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Yeah, it's really crazy. So I looked up and Last year in DVOA, the top 21 teams, the top 21, all won eight or more games, except the Chiefs and the Bengals. And we know the Bengals and the Chiefs had injuries to the quarterback, still finished that high anyway because they were that good for parts of the year. So that's how good it was. That way, the other side leaves 11 teams left, one playoff team outside of that group, and that was the 8 and 9 division winning Panthers because somebody had to win the division. So it really is that simple. You really do need offense. And that's why, like, you're right. Like as you look at the rankings, you might be low on the Bears. I thought it was gonna be low on the Bears, but if they're really a top five offense, it's hard to be that low on a team that's that good offensively.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Right. Okay, so then the trend that I immediately see, if you look at that top five, you've got Rams, Niners, Cowboys, Bears. What does that mean for the rest of the NFC if four of the top five offenses are coming out of the NFC conference?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Yeah, it means you better have some firepower, man. You better find some offense to match up with those teams or you better have a great defense. So back to our Seattle long standing conversation here. Not great that you're number 21 offensively when there it is in the division, two of the top three offenses right there for you. But if you're not going to have the offense, you better have the Mike McDonald defense, you better have the defensive weapon to counteract some of these offenses. If you don't have either one of those, it's not going to be a great season probably for you in the nfc and the AFC is the opposite. They had the bottom four offenses. I don't know that we make too much of that. Like no one has a lot of hope for the Jets, Titans, Dolphins and Browns. No one needed to tell you that. But over half of the AFC finished between 6th and 20th. Pretty packed in tight there and a lot of ones where you could like argue them up a couple spots or down. So to me that tells me what stands out here. Is your defense going to help you stand out? Is your coaching giving you an edge? Or if that young quarterback hits, could you move up a little bit and surprise? You know we can easy mobility in the rankings when they're all that close together.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: I don't want to step too much on your divisional betting, like how you approach it from a future standpoint, but there's some clusters here in these rankings that I think might relate to that. Like I wanted to talk like for example, you had the NFC north, you've got all in between 5 and 14, AFC west, all between 6 and 20. So briefly, like how do you kind of approach that as a futures better, especially from a division winner?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Yeah, I think you approach that as opportunity. When everything is clustered together and we know how high variance football is, it's. It's an oblong ball and the ball bounces funny. To me that smells like long shots. It doesn't mean the long shots going to win, but when it's that close together, that means variance wins the day and that means weird things can happen even midway through the season where things can kind of bounce back the direction. So like we just said, it could be that you look at the other stuff besides offense, the defense, the coaching, some of those things, or it might just be that the long shot kind of wins out with a little bit of variance here. And so you look for not the favorite probably, you're probably not wanting to invest there, but take the longer numbers who's a little bit further down the list that might actually surprise.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: So I want our listeners after if they're listening today to go check out the article on actionnetwork.com for your offensive rankings. Because in the article you mentioned two teams in particular and I wanted to bring this up because I had to, I'm wearing the Cowboys shirt and basically just that we should feel good about the direction that these two teams are going and that is the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Dallas Cowboys. So what should we feel good about?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Yeah, you mentioned division betting. These are by my metrics, the best offense in their divisions, both by a pretty sizable margin. Tampa Bay, I have them at 13th. We talked about them kind of in that cusp of pushing into top 10. Everyone else is fringe bottom 10. So that is a pretty big gap from the top to the rest of the division there. And then I know you love your Cowboys number four offensively and everyone else is league average or worse. Remember, we had the Eagles at average and everything else is below that. So that to me is the biggest division gap at the top. If you're looking for who stands out and who wins its offenses, you have to feel pretty good about Tampa Bay and Dallas.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: All right, feeling good about the Buccaneers and the Cowboys. Before we get out of here, it's time for our segment presented by DraftKings. Now, Brandon, we just got done talking about the Cowboys and the Bucks. Give us a play you would like to go along with what we've discussed today?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Yeah, I think it's just as we were just talking about with the Dallas Cowboys, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. So I think you can go with both of those. How about Dallas Cowboys maybe to win the NFC east division, they've got that big gap way ahead of the rest of the crowd or over the nine and a half on the win total as well. And then Tampa, maybe some division for them as well. We love to bet the NFC south, right? Buccaneers, NFC south ticket. Or if you just think how about being better than a.500 team over the eight and a half on the wind total. You can go over that as well if you like.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Well, as a Cowboys fan, you know I'm going to love to hear that. Right? And to all our other Cowboys fans that are listening in the great state of Texas or our Bucs fans in Florida, if you want to join Brandon on the these, remember that the DraftKings sports app is now available in all 50 states. So go download it today. All right, that'll do it for us here on the Action Network podcast doing offensive rankings. I want to thank you for tuning in today. Don't forget to leave us that five star rating and review wherever you listen to the podcast and download the free award winning Action Network app. You could save $20 off of an annual pro account by using code podcast20@actionnetwork.com pro. So for Brandon Anderson, I'm Jill Gallant. Thank you again for listening to the Action Network podcast. Bone Shops.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker D: Action Network reminds you, please gamble responsibly.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: If you or someone you care about
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker D: has a gambling problem, help is available 24, 7 at 1-800- gambler honey.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Felipe sent another photo from Argentina.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: How?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker A: With T Mobile?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Of course.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker D: Mira. He's video calling us.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Hola, familia.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker A: Did you get my photos? We did.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker D: They're so pretty.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker A: Here to share every moment with T Mobile. Enjoy data roaming at no extra charge. Charge in 21 Latin American countries. Switch now on the TLife app or t mobile.com connectatir qualifying plan required not for extended international use. You must restart in the US and primary usage must occur on our network.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Visit t mobile.com this is Tony Ayo
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: from the Real Report with Tony Ayo and Uncle Murder. You ever notice how everything keeps going up? Rent, streaming, even extra Sosa at your favorite burrito spot. But with Boost Mobile, you don't have to play the Willis Go up soon game. Boost Mobile offers an unlimited talk, text and data plan at a price that'll never go up. It's the same price you'll pay for life. Switch now for unlimited wireless at a price that'll never go up. Only at boost mobile. After 30 gigabytes, customers may experience slower speeds. Customers will pay $25 a month as long as they remain active on the Boost Unlimited plan. Hello beautiful.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker D: I'm Amy Ehrett, founder of Madison Reed, a hair color company I named after my daughter.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Our Prestige Salon quality hair color delivers gorgeous multi dimensional color and 100% gray coverage color at home. Or visit one of our 95 plus hair color bars nationwide and let our licensed pros do it for you. Visit madison-reid.com and use code PODCAST20 for 20% off your first order or service. Confident, Bold, Unstoppable. That's the power of Madison Reed.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: A burst pipe, A dead water heater, the AC calling it quits? Who do you call? HomeServe is an easy way to handle unexpected home repairs with plans covering stuff basic homeowners insurance usually won't. Instead of scrambling for a contractor, you make one call to get the repair process started. Join the millions of customers who trust HomeServe right now go to HomeServe.com podcast for 50% less your first year. That's HomeServe.com podcast savings compared to renewal price void in Florida until now, the data your AI depends on has been trapped behind ever increasing cloud fees. Wasabi created hut cloud storage and is redefined. Combining cloud storage for the AI era. Delivering simple, predictable cloud storage for AI, analytics, media and more. Your data is free to move fast, to access and ready when your AI needs it. Hidden fees add up fast as AI workloads grow Wasabi's flat pricing eliminates all of it. One rate, no surprises. Learn more and try now for free@wasabi.com Wasabi the AI storage cloud proud partner of the iHeart podcast network.
