[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: I'm Mangesha Teegular and I'm back with a new season of my podcast, Skyline Drive. This time I talk to scientists, biopunks, curmudgeons, Blue zoners, super seniors, and Goa's top cryotherapy lab to try to understand this obsession with living forever and what it means for all of us. And I get into a bit of trouble along the way.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: I'd say probably start bone smashing.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: That doesn't work.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: To make it look more defined. They say it works. I don't know.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Listen to Skyline how to live Forever on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Hey, this is Hayes Davenport and Sean Clements. We host the podcast Hollywood Handbook.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: Each week we talk to someone in show business and try to help them with their careers and see what they have to offer us. Everyone has a good time and no one gets mad at their publicists for letting them do our show.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: We've had a lot of great guests like Sarah Sherman, Adam Scott, Danny McBride, Ben Stillard, and a lot of other big shots that wouldn't be where they are without us. Listen to Hollywood handbook on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Our hometown is not a test tube.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: 90 miles northeast of Nashville, a battle for the future of America plays out in one small town.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: Developers with right wing ties have purchased hundreds of acres of land.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: We need cities on a shining hill.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: This is Our Town, a podcast about what happens when a small town becomes the site of a social experiment and fights back.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Guess you didn't move in on a bunch of dumb hillbillies now, did you?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: Listen to Our town on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: I'm Nancy Glass, host of the Burden of Guilt season three podcast. This is a story about a horrendous situation that destroyed two families. It's a scorched earth war that shows just how far someone will go to get what they want.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: Cindy said I had to choose between the truth and my family. And I had to choose the truth.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: Listen to season three, a burden of guilt on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Apple or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: On the new podcast, Solita, we share the messy reality of traveling alone. As a woman, I can wait four hours for the next bus or this random dude is offering me a ride on his motorcycle. I chose option B. I'm Julie Pinero and I travel by myself because it's a rare space where I can say yes without asking anyone else first. I'm on a mission to reclaim the word solita, trading the pity for possibility. Listen to Solita, the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: The Action Network podcast.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: I'm just about that action boss.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: All right, here we go.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: From the 10th. Throwing end zone. Spectacular catch. They're saying it's a catch.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Touchdown.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: See, most gamblers, when they go to gamble, they go to win.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Oh, my God. That's incredible. Big bank, small bank.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: I like to.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: All right, that is the ultimate kibosh.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: You want to bet? And we are underway.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: Welcome to the Action Network podcast. I am Jill Gallant and I am joined by NFL betting expert and futures analyst Brandon Anderson. And we continue rankings week here at the Action Network. And today it's the offensive lines. Now, if you check the Action Network podcast feed, we have done quarterback rankings and skill position rankings so far, but now we got to get in the trenches, Brandon. And before we do get into the trenches, I think we need to elaborate a little bit and explain how you compile these rankings. Like what criteria, what traits are you looking for? So give it to us. How are you grading and ranking offensive lines in 2026?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Yeah, and before you tune out on offensive lines, look, I think this is actually maybe the most important one that we will do this week. We kind of know, really, if we're being honest, who the quarterbacks are, skill positions probably not as surprises there. Offensive line, I think is actually one of the bigger edges in the market, especially looking at futures, especially early in the season. So is it better? This one has to matter to us. And what matters to me are some of these things. Continuity is huge. Are you returning your line? This is a five man game. This is not a superstar game. I think of it kind of like I do with NBA. NBA defense is a weak link game. It's not one guy doing everything. Who's the fifth guy? Can we pick on someone down the line here? And if you're bringing back your guys, they've had time to work together, they can play together in tendencies, especially either side of the line. So that's a big thing. Injuries always a big part. And obviously with that depth on the line, we'll get to that. On some of the teams with already some injuries in training camp, who got added to the teams were some of the young guys who are the veterans. And then coaching and scheme is a big part too. Where normally with the rankings, I'm trying to kind of divorce a lot of the coaching scheme stuff and try to do agnostic to that. I don't really frankly know offensive line enough to be able to do that. I don't find it super useful coaching and scheme lifts the offensive line or can pull it back. And so we'll talk about some of that stuff along the way. And then the last thing, run blocking versus pass blocking. Run blocking I think is easier. You're going forward, you're attacking and it's kind of the more floor raising version. Pass blocking, you're playing defense, you're backpedaling. I think it's more valuable, it's a little harder and I think for the top teams it's more ceiling raising too. So pay attention to some of that stuff as we go through the rankings here today.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: All right, well, let's get into that offensive line rankings in the NFL for 20, 26 and we start in tier one and it is the consensus number one, the Denver Broncos. Now you have Denver alone at the top in their own tier. And I basically would just start off like what makes Denver stand out so much more than say the next group here? And are they. Is it a smidge or is it a, like a football field? How much farther ahead are they? The rest of the. Than the rest of the league?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Yeah, look with offensive line, this is not my top expertise. So I'm doing a lot of wisdom of crowds here. Brandon Thorne is the offensive lines guy. PFF grades are really helpful. I'm looking at who are my experts here. Not everyone's the right expert, but this team, any expert I looked at, this is number one. This is the consensus number one on basically any expert opinion that I trust. And so let's check off some of the things we just talked about. All five starters are back third straight year, so there's your continuity out of the gates. Left tackle Garrett Bowles, he's really good. Right guard Quinn Minors, he stands out. The scheme is helpful. Sean Payton's scheme, Bo Nix is helpful here. We like Bo Nix. He gets the ball out quick. He avoids sacks and mistakes. That's going to make your line look better. It's overall a better pass blocking unit. We said that's good too. So that's all why they're number one. They were number two last year. They've been in this mix basically since Sean Payton showed up. I would say they're not a towering number one. They're not a football field ahead in the terms that you put it. Eagles, Lions, the way they've been in recent seasons, I would say more like, the Broncos are kind of a lock top five than they are a towering number one here. But we're kind of looking for certainty in these rankings, too. And it's hard to imagine a version of this line not working out well, barring anything can go wrong with injuries, of course. But just. Just lots to like about Denver.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: Yeah. And I think just less nitpicking, like I could.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Yeah.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: The next three teams, or even the next five, I feel like there's something I could say to. Whereas I feel like the Denver Broncos, they're solidly, at least in second position. I do find it interesting just looking at Bo Nix's stats for the year. Like, he was only sacked 22 times, which was 26amongst all starting quarterbacks. So that's really good. But then you think, okay, he didn't really have to throw it too far. He was probably like 28th in yards per attempt. But I did find it very interesting that Garrett Bowles, left tackle, 802 pass snaps in 20, 26. The Denver Broncos led in pass attempts per game this year. No sacks allowed. So to me, I think that's pretty much why we see them here at the top spot. So let's move to tier two, which you've titled this tier. They could end the year as the number one rank. And at number two, you have the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. The number three spot, you have the Indianapolis Col. And at number four, we got to talk about this one, the Los Angeles Chargers, because we are recording this on Wednesday and already some injury news is popping out of training camp. We'll talk about that in a little.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: In a little bit.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: But let's talk about the article that you wrote about the offensive line rankings, because I've been reading it for years. And you know, you had them top five heading into last season and you talked about how they could make a leap and it's like, well, how much more of a leap can you make here?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Yeah. So the Bucks were top five heading in the last season. Now I have them number two. So it doesn't seem like a leap. The problem is top five. Look, the Tampa Bay might be the Chargers of this year from a year ago, which we're going to explain what that means in a second. But the injuries are what mounted. So I had them top five, but suddenly they lost 27 games last year to the right tackle in both guards between those three. Baker got hurt as well. His injury hurt them along the season. They were not a top five offensive line last year. They just had a lot of struggle. So they started rated high. They got hurt along the way. Not a surprise then that now that they're healthy, they're rated high again. Tristan worse, arguably the best tackle in football, especially pass protection. Luke Gaddicke on the other side. He's back. So that's your bookends next to right guard Cody Mouk. Hear a lot of Cody Mak out there. Cody Mouk is a family friend from North Dakota. Come on, Cody Mouk, get some respect on his name out there. Pass protection is the strength again on this team. So I just think this is a line that everything is there for. They could easily be number one if they're healthy this year. And a little bit of asterisk early on. Zach Robinson, the new coordinator, it's four years in a row now with a new play caller there, a little bit different run scheme. So let's see how Bucky Irving, Kenneth Gainwell and et cetera fit in over there. And it may take the line a little bit to gel that direction with the scheme. But I just think this, this line to me, I think has even more talent actually than Denver's. And so if they stay healthy, like if you guarantee that I might actually just put them ahead right now.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: Well, again, don't want to keep teasing about the Chargers here, but we'll talk about them in a sec. But the Colts, I want to ask about before we talk about the Chargers because on the skill rankings pod you were, I mean, I was maybe a little bit higher, but you were definitely lower on them, especially with like Jonathan Taylor, for example, not feeling great about having him in the top discussion. So it sounds like to me that you're attributing more of the Colts success to the line instead of like quarterback play and skill position.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: It is, yeah. That's a little bit more Denver in this way for me where it's. I'm crediting the trenches a lot. To me, the Colts, they're the best run blocking unit. We said the last two were better pass blocking. This is a Colts run blocking unit which is again more floor raising. That's good, but it doesn't necessarily mean that the ceiling may or may not be there. Quentin Nelson, he's the stud left guard anchor. Four starters return, really five because the right tackle, Jalen Travis, he started the last month, last year as a rookie and it looks like he'll be there. So it's continuity coaching and scheme. The Stichen helps out a lot. Plenty of talent here. We've talked a lot about my kind of non quarterback rankings if you take the quarterback away, what does the offense look like? Even with me being somewhat average on the weapons, this line is so valuable and Stichen so valuable. This is a top seven offense without the quarterback. The question is, are they without a quarterback or do they actually have one? And we saw how good they could look last year. They were like breaking records. Number one offense when Daniel Jones was just doing fine for them. If he can do that, if he's, you know, what, did I have him, like 28th or something in the quarterback rankings? If that's wrong, if he's even like 18th or 20th, that's a game changer because this offense is crying out for just competent quarterback play. And this line is so good, they don't need to do that much.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: All right, so, Brandon, let's talk about the Chargers. Because I did, I did the wrong thing. I came into this offseason believing, or at least just having the belief in my heart that we're going to see some healthy players on this offensive line. Both the left tackle Rayshawn Slater, and both right tackle Joe Walt. They missed time last year, which would probably contribute to some of that decline. But then today in training camp, their starting center tore up his knee. So I'm just not sure if I could do it again with the chargers here at 4. So make the case, please.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Yeah, look, I. I prepared all this stuff as of yesterday, and then like an hour after I finished it, we see Tyler Biotish with the knee injury. We saw the news today. He's out indefinitely. And with the Chargers, indefinitely might just mean like, actually his leg fell off in surgery and we don't know where it's at. We're trying to find it again. Like this team, things cannot go right for them, especially on the line. It's just so talented, though. It's hard to get away from. Rayshawn Slater and Joe Alt, I think is the best tackle duel in the league if they can get healthy. But Slater missed all last season with the patella tendon injury. He's still working back, too. It looks like he's a couple of weeks away. We'll see if he's even ready week one, and then you got to get back into game shape and everything. Joe Alt, he missed half of last year with an ankle injury. He's still young, he still needs some reps. I think he's probably like a future hall of Famer type talent there, but you got to get on the field as well. And he's been moving around because with Slaters out He plays the other side of the line. You want to get some reps in that way too. Jodysch, the center, he's probably out, I'm going to guess at least half the season. I think that's probably conservative at this point. They did draft a round two center, Jake Slaughter, but you don't necessarily want a rookie center out there. That's usually the guy kind of organizing your line. That's the guy doing the snaps every time. So we need to see how this all comes together. And why I'm optimistic is because Mike McDaniel elevates the line play. He's developed guys in Miami, we're going to get to them a little bit later. And let's go two days in a row. Charlie Collar, the tight end, the six offensive lineman there, Alec Ingold at fullback, they brought those guys in. That was the key to the McDaniel attack. And I think those guys can also help this line look better than it actually is. Look, the interior is not great, but this line finished 30th in PFF ratings last year. If they somehow get healthy, going to be later in the season, probably they could be top three instead. And I think if they do, that might be the single biggest one unit improvement in the entire NFL at a spot where it really matters. And that's why this is so important, why we're talking so much about it for now. I didn't move them down the rankings because here we are, we're recording this and that news just dropped. I think I'd probably end up with them more like bottom of the top 10 range, maybe 8 to 10 range until we see more. And we'll talk at the end too, just about some lines that I will believe in more later in the season. I want to keep believing. And look is Slater and Alt. They're the two studs. Riotdish, he's fine. The Chargers needed fine. Their interior is not great. We'll take some fine from the Chargers. Look, he's been healthy his whole career too. He made it to August 18th as a charger. So we just need some guys out there. But as long as Slater and all look fine, I'm still going to mostly believe in this line because of all the other parts.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: With that, well then either way, Jake Slaughter, what a name. That's an offensive line name if I ever heard it. His career works out. All right, let's move to tier three. You have teams five through seven in the third tier. You call them the old stalwarts. And at number five, you have Last year's number one, the Philadelphia Eagles, number six, the Buffalo Bills, and number seven, the Chicago Bears. Now, I'm not going to say that this was a huge surprise that the Eagles were bumped down. I didn't think they would fall out of like maybe tier two. And you know, I, like I said, I've been reading your stuff for years. I rarely see the Eagles, you know, outside of that top three range. So how far has they fallen? Where they would drop them now? To fifth.
[00:00 - 00:01] Speaker B: Yeah, this is admittedly a bit of an aggressive push for me. We know how I love to make friends with Philadelphia fans. I do have Philadelphia top two each of the last four years. So all the way to five actually is a real drop. The names we know already because they keep doing great every year and going to super bowl so many times. Jordan Mylotta, left tackle, elite, elite run grader, right tackle. Lane Johnson, this is probably it for him this year, but still a great pass blocker when they can stay on the field. But the injuries are mounting, the interior has dropped a little bit, especially Tyler Steen at right guard. I think he's the weak link there. This is not a line that's had a weak link too often. And then here are my real concerns beyond the injuries. Jeff Stoutland, longtime coach, just always a guy that's going to have this line near the top. He's finally retired and a bit contentious it sounds like, and we know it's another new offensive coordinator and it looks like a little bit more passing. I don't love that for this line. I think this is a better run blocking line. More hurts, dropping back and dealing with pressure is not going to help your offensive line in Philadelphia. So to me, those things, the lack of depth, I don't think this is a team that can be number one this year. So by definition of my tier name, I had to leave them out of that group. I think they're going to be good. I just think it's more top five than number one. So here they are that five instead of one.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: And that makes sense. And again, like you said, some like Lane Johnson, he's going to be missing a portion of the year anyway from suspension. So again, that could probably ding them a little bit as well. But I wanted to talk about Buffalo because Buffalo isn't necessarily an offensive line that I think that has like the most talent, for example, but they play within that system so well that their offense just clicks as a result of it. And then Chicago, on the other hand, they're not necessarily like a system, but they just invested heavily into their offensive line like you think of Joe Tunney. And so. And as a result, like I said, they were two of the best lines last year. And are we just kind of rolling it over and expecting the same thing in 2026?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Yeah, I think mostly I think these are not two of the most interesting to talk about for that reason, but they're just gonna be good again. The Bill's main strength has been their continuity. They've had the same five starters year after year. They have not missed an offensive line game to injury in three years, which is an insane, insane statistic. But finally this year they do lose one starter, not a superstar. But if continuity is the thing you've had and you lost a starter. All right, let's see what happens. And they lost Aaron Cromer, another legendary offensive line coach. So it's just, it's a little bit less than it was last year and it's a much more run blocking offensive line. It's a line and team built around Josh Allen. Strengths. We talked yesterday about the receivers, the tight ends, so much blocking help here. So they're going to look good. I just think that they've been something like fifth to seventh in my rankings and in the PFF year end rankings every year. They're classic, really good, never number one. So here they are in that group, the Bears. They were last year's big sleeper. We talked a lot about them in this podcast a year ago. They brought in all these guys. We cash our Joe Tuney, 40 to 1 protector of the year pick. Got that number, first one on the board. They jumped to third in PFF ratings. They're really good. Well, they lost the center, Drew Dahlman. They weren't expecting that he was an early retirement, so they're going to replace him. They still got a lot of talent though. That looks like Ozzy Tropillo may be back sooner than expected at left tackle, but Ben Johnson is the big reason here. The, the condensed formations, the play action, heavy system, it's all going to help with them. Darnell Wright, right tackle, he signed a huge extension. I think this is the best run blocking right side of the league. Again, floor raising line here. The way that Ben Johnson has pulled them up and got them run blocking and I think that's going to help a lot. And of course, Caleb Wooden's gotten a lot better at managing the pocket. Now, is that chicken or egg? Is he getting better because the line got better or is it the other direction? It doesn't really matter. If it's all getting a little bit better. So I think these teams probably won't quite match what they did last year, but still solidly top 10.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: All right, let's keep moving down the list. Let's move to the next tier. Tier four, you called this good, but not great. And at number eight, you have the Kansas City Chiefs, number nine, the 49ers, number 10, the Rams, number 11, the Falcons, and number 12. We'll talk about that one here in a bit, the Cowboys. So, but let's start off with the Chiefs because I thought that you were probably going to have them in that other tier, that stalwart tier with the Eagles, Bills and Bears here, because that's typically where they have been. But obviously the Joe Tunney departure was a huge impact. Orlando Brown, that experiment was just a complete bust on the left side. But at this stage, you think they're headed back in the right direction?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: I think so. And I could be fine with moving up a spot into that stalwarts group. I think they're going to be in that group again. Let's start with Joanne Taylor, because I think he is addition by subtraction. How many false starts have we all watched as fans? That right tackle over the years, that dude gets a head start on every play and we're so tired of watching it on like 12 national TV Chiefs games a year. I think just having him gone is going to make Trey Smith better. Next to him at guard, Creed Humphrey, still the best center in the league. Nobody else I think is even close. Josh Simmons, the round one left tackle last year, I think he's growing into his role and I think his line is going to be good. What I'm interested in is obviously they go out and get Kenneth Walker. The run game was so dreadful last year. It just felt like handed off up the middle. 3 yards, 4 yards, 3 yards, 4 yards. Well, here's the thing that's helpful, actually. 3 and 4 yards is a nice, nice way to make up some yardage along the way. It's real boring to watch. It's not what we want Mahomes offenses to do. But by success rate, Chiefs were pretty successful. The problem is they had no explosives. Pacheco and anyone else they tried just could not rip off anything. It was like, you know, the Vikings used to have a guy named Leroy Horde. It was like, you need 3 yards, I'll get you 5. You need 10 yards, I'll get you 5. I don't know what the numbers were. It's just like, you're just going to just keep doing the same thing every time. I totally messed up the numbers on that. Sorry to Vikings fans, but can Kenneth Walker Need 3 yards and get you 20? Can you rip a couple long runs in what they're already getting some run blocking for? And then the rest of the guys and Mahomes I think can do the rest. So I do think this is back to a solidly top 10 line now.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: Okay, so Chiefs, fine. The Niners, I'm not sure. Again, like, again, this feels like a pedigree pick if you listen to the skill position player rankings. Brandon and I were not on the same page when it came to the Niners skill position players. But obviously I'm going to give credit to Trent Williams, still an elite left tackle, even his late 30s. But after that it gets pretty grim. So make the case for the Niners at ninth.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, Trent is 38 now and a lot of injury history, but this surprised me. He's actually played 14 games or more in five of the last six seasons, so I feel like we always get an injury, but he usually plays through. He's still an elite run blocker. The pass blocking slipping a little bit. Here's crazy numbers. Brock Purdy all time with Trent Williams in the lineup. 44 and 10 without him, 2 and 7. So almost as many losses without him, even though it is that like 50 games more with him. So it's Trent and it's also Shanahan. The Shanahan scheme helps. You're gonna hear a lot of that in these rankings because there are a lot of Shanahan and Kubiak and McVay schemes out there. Everyone's copycatting it, but it helps your line. That's part of why they're doing it. And we talked about with Purdy, pocket navigation is good too. So Trent is that important. You're right to kind of point these out as legacy picks here for the Niners, where I do have some concerns like at least yellow or orange flags going to the season of like, all right, at some point some of these guys are going to go and then it could get ugly because for me, if Trent goes out, this immediately is a bottom 10 offensive line. So top 10 to bottom 10 just like that. And that's not overreaction. We've got a couple teams we'll get to later that lost someone big and dropped already down that low. If that's your superstar and you're that good and that important, one name on the offensive line, you know it can drop you that far. So they need Trent out there, but so far he's still doing the thing
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: and he's one of the few offensive linemen where from an off on standpoint, you see direct impact to a betting spread when it comes to the Niners games. All right, Rams, Falcons, Cowboys. I'm going to group these three together and I'm going to make this about the Cowboys because of course I will. Right. So when I did my rankings and I shared them with you, I had the Cowboys at 10th. They were in my top 10. And when I told you that they were top 10, you were like what? Like you basically called me biased. Which is fine. But now I'm looking here at this rankings and it's not like you have them 20th, like, you know what I mean? They're 12th, right beside the Ram and Falcons. But it's the two part question though. So like how do you separate these three teams and why is Dallas at the bottom of the three?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Yeah, as always with these tiers, if they're in the same tier, they're not separated by all that much. It's going to come down to injury or locker, that sort of thing. But let's go in order. So Rams, I thought at the end of the day deserve top 10. All five of their linemen last year were top 10 in PFF. Great. So it kind of speaks for itself again, the McVeigh system, one of the most line friendly in the league. Kevin Dodson, the right guard, I think he's the best guy there. They get elite play on the interior, especially run blocking. They just had a really, really good run blocker, run system last year. The tackles are more the weak spot, especially my concern here why they're not higher is a Larry Jackson, the left tackle. He's got off field issues and injury issues. They need him out. There's not a lot of depth on this team and Stafford is not a guy that holds up when the line is not holding up. So that's where the Rams are at. I think they have to be top 10 for now. Falcons four straight years in the 7 to 11 range. So kind of right in this fringe top 10. Chris Lidstrom at guard, about as good as anyone. They do make a change now. Dwayne Ledford, their coach, has been another one of the great coaches. He's gone. Bill Callahan is young who's been a legendary offensive line coach, but it often takes some time with him. So that could be a transition. Knocked him down a little bit for me. And I mentioned Joanne Taylor with the Chiefs addition by subtraction. Well, he's on the Falcons now, so whatever the opposite of that is, they're stuck with him. Your Cowboys, it's scheme. It's scheme. What has them here? Clayton Adams, the rushing attack has been so good. Dax Pressure handling. This is why Dak is higher in my quarterback rankings than expected, because he's lifting the line and makes the line look better. Similar to Atlanta. I think the interior line and the run blocking, that's the strength. It's all those Tylers, right? Tyler Smith, Tyler Booker. A lot of investment there. I do think out of all the teams we've said so far, they have a real weak spot. I don't trust the tackles here. I trust the tackles with Dak because he can manage things, but there's a reason his pressure count is so high. Pass protection off the edge is not great here. So not top 10 for me. I know it's kind of sounding pedantic, but the tackles are a real weak spot on. You know, most of the teams have talked about having had a clear, glaring weak spot so far.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: Well, I think any offensive line or team that is able to resurrect Javante Williams to get a thousand plus rushing yards out of them gets automatic top 10 ranking for me at that point. But all right, football season is here folks, and if you don't already have the Action Network app, now is the time plus to get the most out of the app. You'll want to be an Action Pro subscriber. It's only with Action Pro you get real time pick alerts from myself, Brandon and the entire Action Network team of experts. You can access Pro projections powered by Sean Kerner and our predictive analytics team and a ton of other benefits. And right now, Action Network podcast listeners, you can save $20 off the annual price of Action Pro. Just go to action network.compro and use code POD20 that's actionnetwork.compro and use code pod20 for $20 off the annual price of Action Pro.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker H: Don't you wish everything was more rewarding with Rakuten? Almost everything is. You can earn cash back on those new shoes you've been wanting. You can save on the next trip you book. You can cash in on groceries. Just join, shop your favorite brands and save Target, Instacart, Expedia, Macy's, Sephora, cvs. The list is long. Save in store and at over 22,000 restaurants. And when it's time to redeem those rewards, get your money exactly how you want it. Choose PayPal check Bilt points or cash out with gift cards. Eligible American Express card members can choose to earn membership rewards points instead of cash back. Terms and conditions apply. So go ahead, take a trip, fill a cart, order dessert. Rakuten is a world of rewards. Join today for free. Go to rakuten.com or get the app that's R a K u T E
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: N I'm Mangesha together and I'm back with a new season of the podcast Skyline Drive. This time I'm diving into a rabbit hole of peptides, organoids, blood boys, blue zones and brain replacement to try to understand what this longevity obsession is all about and what it really means to live forever for all of us. I learned about some rad science.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: I can make a brain for you. And then we can test what drug
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: is the best for your brain as opposed to his brain.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Here are some hard truths.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: I would expect Indians to age faster,
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: but I did not expect it to
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: be almost a four to five year acceleration and get myself into a world of trouble.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: I'd say probably start bone smashing. That doesn't work.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: To make it look more defined.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: They say it works. I don't know.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Listen to Skyline Drive how to live Forever on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Hey. This is Hayes Davenport and Sean Clements. We host the podcast Hollywood Handbook on the Big Money Players Network.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Our show is extremely accessible to first time listeners. Each week we talk to someone in show business, AKA the biz, and try to help them with their careers and see what they have to offer us. Everyone has a good time and no one gets mad at their publicist for letting them do our show.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: We've had a lot of great guests like Sarah Sherman. Not that great actually.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Can you help me? Can you help me shape this?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: How about we flip it on its head? How about we flip the script?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Okay.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: What if the surprise woman who actually you think think is the straight man is actually the one who's acting weird? Adam Scott, this entire time you've been
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: expecting Adam Sandler to come to visit the show?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: I. I would never let go of that.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: I have.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: I would never set expectations for something like that to happen. If the universe allows for something like that to happen, I am open to it. I'm always going to accept, you know, Danny McBride. Fine.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Yeah.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: It's all this fragile masculinity exuding.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: I could smell it walking down the hallway, to be honest with you.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: I was like, is that weed?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Nope.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: It's fragile masculinity.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah, Ben Stiller.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: No, because a lot of times in out of context, people don't get it or even know what a circle is. You know what I mean?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Like, they're like, oh, what's everyone's so dumb. Fake.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Right?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Fake.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: And also not interested.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: Or just like, oh, I've got my life.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: I don't care about your life. And a lot of other big shots that wouldn't be where they are without us.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Oh, and by the way, Will Ferrell told us personally he loves the show and he wants to be a guest on every episode, but he's just so busy.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Listen to Hollywood handbook on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: Our Town is small taters by most standards, right?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: But to the people who grew up here, it's everything.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: What happens when a quiet tenant Tennessee town becomes the frontline in a battle over the future of America?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: Developers with right wing ties have purchased hundreds of acres of land in the area.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: The first thing you see when it pops up is pioneers in Appalachia.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: But they weren't just planning houses.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: We need cities on a shining hill that exemplify and embody the Christian way of life. Stop right there. Is that normal?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: A podcast about what happens when a small town becomes the site of a social experiment.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: God need men to rule, period.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: And decides to fight back?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Do not use my hard work to sell your bull.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: They're not just opposing what's being planned for here.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Our hometown is not a test tube. They feel like they're standing in opposition
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: to an entire administration.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Guess you didn't move in on a bunch of dumb hillbillies now, did you?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Listen to Our town on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: I'm Nancy Glass, host of the Burden of Guilt season three podcast. This is a story about a horrendous situation that destroyed two families. It started more than seven years ago when Cindy and Kenny were two 40 somethings who had just gotten engaged. Days later, they walked into a scorched earth war they knew never saw coming.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Turn around and place your hands behind your back.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: The cops came into my house and threw me in jail.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: And to Cindy's surprise, her fiance Kenny was charged with abusing one of her children.
[00:01 - 00:02] Speaker E: I never once doubted Kenny and I always doubted the accusation.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: On season three of Burden of Guilt, you'll hear a story about the lengths someone will go to in order to get what they want.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: This case is got to be one
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker F: of the most despicable.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: Listen to season three of Burden of Guilt on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker F: All right, let's now move to tier 5, and you have tiers within tiers. I believe here you have a tier 5a and a tier 5b. Tier 5a is wild cards you believe in, and tier 5b is wild cards you're skeptical of. So let's start with the belief. At number 13, you have your Minnesota Vikings. At number 14, you have the New Orleans Saints. And number 15, the Baltimore Ravens. So right off first glance, both of our teams Back to back, Cowboys 12, Vikings 13. Last year, though, you had the Vikings like top three, and we joked about the bias, but there was some reasons to have them being optimistic about that. But now we're at 13. So are we optimistic again, or is this actually a downgrade compared to last year?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah, last year, look, they were nothing close to number three, but they just could not get healthy. It was like one week after another. It felt like being a Chargers fan, honestly. They just could not get guys out there. Everyone was hurt. And now Ryan Kelly, he didn't really even contribute last year. He's retired now because of all the injuries. But the rest of the line, you have to maybe hope that they can get healthy this year, and they invested heavily going into last season. The main name you need out there to start things has got to be Christian Derrissa, the left tackle. Top 10 type left tackle, but only 17 games the last two years. We play 17 games in one year, so that's half of what we need out there. That's not great when he plays. Him and Brian o', Neill, I think, are a top five tackle duo, especially run blocking. And the Vikings brought in Frank Smith, who used to be under McDaniel at the Dolphins. They really kind of have revolutionized the run game a little bit, and we talked about that. With Mason getting going, I think that the run game can step up, but they need derrissa out there. If he's healthy. This still can be a line that surprises, and I'm a bit higher here than consensus, but people were so high on them last year, and I think I've just completely jumped off of them. The names are still there outside of Kelly, and I think they could surprise a bet.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker F: Well, the Saints would be the other team that I was wondering here because I think last year, both you and I kind of looked at them more of a bottom five unit. This year, I kind of have them more closer to the bottom 10. I have them first you have them at 14th, so where's the optimism where you're having them closer to the top half of the league?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah, it's a bit of a projection, but they've just put a huge investment here. They've got four starters that they drafted themselves, all in the top two rounds, which is the best way to come across talent on the line. Last two drafts, two first round tackles, and then this year they made one of the big free agent splashes with left guard David Edwards. So there's not really a star on the line here, but there's not really a weakness either. The weakness is health. That's the real problem, which has kind of been the theme with the whole Saints offense. And we're already starting to see some injuries as Alvin Kamara looks like he's going to be out for a while now. And we already know Jordan Tyson is injured, but the line is healthy for now. There's no weak link and I think that that is part of what made them look really good last year. And look, we know Kellen Moore is going to play really fast, so you need a healthy line out there, not this tired out line. And leaving Tyler Schuck, who's not really been great under pressure.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker F: When I've been checking some other people's rankings for offensive lines, I've been looking to see where Baltimore was because I think we both felt like they were a top 10 unit last year and you have them at 15th and that's a bit higher than what I've seen, you know, from other some other places that I trust. So what's the belief here?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah, they're really a tough one to peg. You know, they bounce around, they've bounced around in my rankings over the years and they're just kind of hard to figure out. Part of that I think is Ronnie Stanley. His health is very dependent year by year and we never know we're going to get from him. They lose Tyler Lindenbaum, so at center he's gone. That, I think is why they've dropped down the rankings. But look, this is not like losing Creed Humphrey. This is losing a good center. But they went out and signed Ethan Pochic. I think that's fine. I think it's a downgrade. Linderbaum is especially good at run blocking, but they get Pochic, they got two new guards as well. John Simpson, who used to be on this team, he's back. So that's a little bit of kind of somewhat continuity. And then Ione the first round guard, I think he's Going to be a really. He just feels Ravens to me, his attitude, his tone setting and I think, you know, in front of Derrick Henry, that's the sort of guy I want on that line. So I think that's part of the optimism. And then too, I mentioned the name before. Dwayne Ledford was the old Falcons coach that left. Well, this is where he's at now and he's here with Declan Doyle, who is under the Ben Johnson tree. That's the new offensive coordinator. So a lot of reason to believe between that and Henry and Lamar hopefully running again a little bit better. This should be good in time. But it's three new interior alignment for now. So I think the rankings I've seen around the Internet, like in the high 20s, I think that's what they probably are right now. Start the season. This is a projection on where the unit I think is going to head and I think they could actually be approaching top 10 by end of the season.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker F: So the three teams that you believe in like, or at least the wild cards that you have some belief in are the Vikings, Saints and Ravens, the ones that you're skeptical of. From 16 to 18, you have the Seattle Seahawks, the Detroit Lions and the Pittsburgh Steelers. Couple surprising names. The Steelers, not so much. I feel like we have them 18th across the board on almost everything. They're average. Right. So. But I want to talk about the Seahawks because obviously they're defending super bowl champs and we both had them ranked bottom five last year. I mean, how much more skeptical can we get now?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah, look, the five starters are all back as well, so that should be a good thing for me especially. I love my guy Gray Zabel at guard year. I think that's a big leap for them. Hopefully the other guard spot, one of the more glaring weak spots that we've had so far, really, in the NFL on the line. But the fear for me here is no Kubiak. Now what do we do in the other direction when the scheme leaves? What do we get? We don't really know we're going to get. But if the Seahawks are any worse than they were last year, which they probably will be, that's how regression goes. If the defense is worse, if Darnold is worse, whatever the reason, we talked about the run game. If they're any worse, then they're playing less with the lead and now they have to pass more. Now there's more passing mandated situations. Now it's more Sam Darnold. All those things make the line look worse. Last year they're set up to be successful and just run the football with the two touchdown lead a lot of the time is a good way to play some football. So this is a bit projection on. Look, they were 31st in my rankings last year. Obviously that was wrong. They improved on that. Jumping to 16 is pretty great, actually. From 31. That's a huge swing. I just have a little bit of. I'm a little bit tepid on how far they can go from here.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker F: Okay. And then the Lions big drop by them.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yes.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker F: And I think it's obvious from a personnel standpoint of what we can attribute that to. I mean, Taylor Decker's departure, their starting center is going to be out for the next two months. What do we do with the Lions here? Is this kind of appropriate for 17th or are we maybe harshing them too bad for some of the injuries?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah, I think this is a really important one. They were number one in these rankings two years ago and now 17th technically is bottom half of the ranking. So that is a pretty precipitous drop for them. Top three, three straight years. Now they're here. Penne Sewell is a stud, but he's moving back to left tackle. So that's just a change. Right tackle is a rookie, Blake Miller. So that's a change. Center, that one matters again. That guy touches the ball every single play. You got to get the ball to the quarterback to start things out. And the interior of the line keeps turning over names. And now Kate Mays, the center, is hurt. He's going to miss probably half the season. So you get your new center and now a backup new center. The interior of the line to me feels shaky. And that on this specific team is a big problem because Jared Goff has not handled interior quick pressure well at all. And if he's not as good, then things can crumble kind of quickly. And we already saw Detroit dropped out of the playoffs last where he saw their line drop off some. If it takes another step backwards. To me, among the Lions are division favorite. This is a really important one, maybe the most important fall of any team on this list.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker F: In your offensive line article, you talked about something with the Steelers that they're doing with their line this year that makes you, for lack of better word, skeptical. So what? What is it? Or tell us more about that.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah, so I just mentioned Panay Sula with the lines is flipping over to the left side. So the Steelers are taking their right guard and the right tackle and flipping both them over to the left side. I don't know I don't speak offensive line super well. That just it's. It's something new and different. It means that four of the five offensive line spots are guys starting in new positions, including maybe a rookie right tackle as well. So continuity that the two guys are both moving together. Just a little bit of change there. And a new offensive line coach as well. And Rogers has not helped the line as much as he used to, anywhere close to it. So I like the guys. I like center Zach Frazier a lot. I think it's going to be a fine line. I've seen this group. I heard this on one of the podcasts. Taken like third or fourth in offensive lines. It's too much change early on for me, so I have to be skeptical for now.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker F: Sure. Okay, now, tier six, this is called much better view than a year ago. And at 19, we have the New York Giants. At number 20, the Cincinnati Bengals and number 21, the New England Patriots. All three teams were, you know, closer to the bottom five for you last year. All have. Even though they are 19 through 21. This is improvement from what we saw last year. I guess the question would be of this three teams, like, who do you think has the, the room for most improvement? And I guess what improvement was most meaningful as well.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah, a lot of times when, you know, places do rankings like this, we get a lot of top tens, top ten offense, top ten defense. Sometimes improvement can be 30th to 16th. That's a huge improvement. That can be a big difference in floor setting and I think that's the difference here with these teams. So Giants, they improved a lot already last year. Andrew Thomas, superstar, he's got to play though. He's only out there at left tackle 29 games the last three years. So basically 10 games a season. They brought in number 10 pick, right guard, Francis. I'm not positive how we say that one yet. I should have practiced that one earlier, but I think it's a bit of a lesser run blocking unit. And I don't love Matt Nagy. Nobody loves Matt Nagy, but he certainly has not helped the line play in recent years. So I think they'll be fine. Patriots, they were dead last at the end of the season two years ago in PFF ranks. They jumped to 11th last year into the season and then the playoffs or into the playoffs. And then that happened and we saw Will Campbell stunk in the playoffs. He's got to get better. They brought in Elijah Vera Tucker, top 10 guard, but another guy that doesn't play often, 29 games the last four years. He misses a lot of time. So I think those units are better. To answer your question, who is it most meaningful for? I think it's the Bengals. The Bengals return all five starters for the first time in burrows career. So look, every September we get the one in three Bengals, right? Every year we're like, ah, man, here they are again tripping over themselves right away. Okay, well how about some continuity advantage on the, on the offensive line to start out? And that line started to find itself a little bit late again. It's not a great line, it's not even close to a great line. But the run game got itself going a little bit late in the season. Hopefully a little bit more under center attack this year. That could potentially set the lineup for more success as well. Getting to middle of the pack, even that would be a huge advantage compared to usual for the Bengals who are just year after year. Bottom five, bottom five, bottom five. And so starting out with just kind of average would be a big jump and actually makes me reconsider the whole Joe Burrow MVP and Bengals playoffs. This is a team I'm out on every year and I think there are just little incremental things with the team that really stand out now.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker F: Okay. All right. So we just finished Giants, Bengals and Patriots 19 through 21. We're now moving to tier seven. Where you have called this one even. League average would be a surprise. And at 22 you have the Raiders 23, the Jets 24, the Cardinals 25, the Texans. Now the Raiders, they made kind of the more splashy signing. They got center Tyra Linderbaum from the Ravens and I mean, at this stage it can only seem to improve. But you had them last year 21. This year they're 22. You got to think they're headed in the right direction now, right?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: I think so. And they add Kubiak. So the same way I'm kind of downgrading the Seahawks, I'm upgrading the Raiders a little bit here. They added Kubiak, they have the coach Rick Dennison on the line. I think there's some floor raising that should happen here and they're going to need it because this is not the most talented line. They did bring in Linderbaum, he's going to help the run game a lot of. And again with the injuries. Colton Miller, he's the great, great left tackle. They only had him for four games last year. Geno Smith can tell you that because he was just getting eat up by defenders the entire season. So he's especially good at pass protection. Getting him out there more regularly and getting this coaching system kind of elevating the line. I think getting to outside of the bottom 10 would be a real accomplishment for them.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker F: Okay, Jets, Cardinals. I'm going to combine these two. Why do you feel their upside is limited from a offensive line standpoint?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah, I think they're just kind of right in this range for the Jets. They've invested a lot here. So you could kind of maybe compare them to the Saints, both their last two first rounders, Fashanu and Membu, first round tackles. To me the concern is Frank Reich. We've seen Frank Reich now both the last stops, Carolina and Indy in the NFL as soon as he left the offensive lines and offenses both took a huge step forward. We saw that with the Colts where the line was trailing off and then he laughed and like, oh hey, magically fixed again. I wonder what the common theme was here. Well, we're starting to find out, so that's my concern with them. Cardinals. This is five times in a row at 22nd or worse. So he's kind of stuck there a little bit. They drafted a guard at number 34, Chase Basantis. He's already out for the season. That was another big training camp injury. And then this is kind of the post. Clayton Adams here, they lost him a year ago, but I think they haven't quite recovered yet and the way their run game has slipped off. So I don't think these are terrible offensive lines, but I don't see a ton of hope for optimism.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker F: So I don't want to go too deep into the Houston Texans offensive line. I just want to say that I was surprised that they weren't in your bottom five because I don't think they did really anything to improve the offensive line. But give me some good news if you're, if I'm a Texans fan, what's the good news that you could tell me about their offensive line?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah, I'm kind of relatively in on the Texans if you can believe it. At 25, this is an improvement. I got my Texans shirt rocking today to help out the Texans line. This is a projection, but it's optimistic. Another rookie here, center Keelan Rutledge. I think he is a culture changer. I think he is a tone setter on the line that they can build around. Lock in one long term starter which they've had none before that one. And then they just brought in a bunch of names that, that you like. Braden Smith, former Colts tackle. He's Got to stay healthy, but he's pretty good when he does. Ed Ingram and Wyatt Teller, guards that have been part of really good lines at times. They kind of have like eight or ten dudes. So on the one hand you want five, not ten. You need to figure out who your guys are. But that does mean that there's depth here. They need to sort through. They need to figure out who the guys are. So it's going to take a little time. But again, 25th instead of 32nd would be a pretty significant change. Like there is a big difference between just being abject horrible versus like, well, not great, but we've seen worse happen. So I'm hoping Houston can get to the not great Bob phase.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker F: Yeah. Because I mean, when we start talking about these next five to 10 teams, it's bleak, it's rough. And so let's talk about them then. So Tier 8, it's all downside from here. At 26, you have the Miami Dolphins, number 27, the Carolina Panthers, number 28, the Green Bay packers, and number 29, the Washington Commanders of this group. I think it's obvious the packers kind of stand out here, especially when I remember our show last year. I'm fairly certain you had them in the top 10. How do we drop them all the way to bottom five now?
[00:02 - 00:03] Speaker B: Yeah, not just top 10 last year. They're usually kind of right in that fringe top 10 range, sort of like we said, the Falcons, where they've been for five years, somewhere between 7th and 13th. So this is a huge, huge drop for. As a Vikings fan, I'm very familiar. I was with the Packers. They just pluck guys out of like the fifth round and sub them in and they just kind of always have competent, above average line play. And finally, for one, seems like that's not the case. Zach Tom, the guy that we knew as that name is now Zach Baco bayoulay. I think he's the good lineman on this team. He's the only one and he's coming off a patella tear. The other four starters is pretty rough out there. Jordan Morgan has been disappointing. They're moving him the left tackle. That's not the blindside guy I want if that's your disappointment. So I think Matt LaFleur helps. We talked about a lot of scheme here, but it's a real red flag. The packers bottom five here. You don't want your offensive line to be that low if you're a real super bowl contender.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker F: Well, and I was going to say it's jarring to see like perennial playoff team here in the bottom five in general. Like the Panthers, I could kind of understand because I feel like they overachieved, whereas I feel like the packers kind of fell short of their goals last year. And, yeah, when you see them that low, I'm like, whoa, okay, we got to talk about that one. All right. Anything we want to talk about with Miami at this point? Like, you know, because, I mean, it just. You could. It almost feels like they're tanking for the top pick.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker H: Yeah.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: You know, this should be really a relative strength compared to the rest of the offense that we've talked about, and I'm slightly lower on them. But it's, again, a scheme thing here where you lost Mike McDaniel. So McDaniel, I thought, really lifted the line. And honestly, as much as we dump on Tua Taga by low, he got the ball out as fast as anybody. That's going to help your line, too. So now what? Now what does it look like when you have a quarterback that's going to run and going to have to hold the ball a lot longer? There's names here that a lot of people like Patrick Paul, left tackle, he's kind of the next big development guy. Aaron Brewer, a lot of people thought he was maybe the best center last season. Kaden Proctor, we know him from the guy that would line up at fullback for Alabama. He's the rookie left guard. It looks like he's going to play. There's talent here for sure, so I don't blame you if you think they should maybe be a little bit higher. They were higher from last season, but I need to see what does it look like without McDaniel, without Tua and just a very different system there. So I'm kind of getting out ahead on some of these, on where I think the scheme goes.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker F: All right, Panthers commanders. I'm going to combine these two. Is it injuries? Is it just overall talent? Why do we have them here so?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Well, yeah, it really is injuries. I mentioned we'd have a couple teams like that. These are really the big two here. Panthers, they are missing both starting tackles. I want towards Achilles in the playoffs. They knew that. They went out and drafted a first rounder and signed Rasheed Walker, one of the old Packer tackles as well, but they thought they'd have those two guys fighting for one spot. Now the Panthers are right tackle. Moton is out. He's got blood clots in his lungs, so that's an indefinite. But we've seen indefinite be like the entire season. Are permanent on some of those sort of things. So they might be missing both tackles indefinitely here. Both guards, they have a big investment there. They're both banged up as well. That's their top four, all injured to start this season. And Bryce Young, he needs a lot of help. So if that they can't get healthy, that could be the end of the Bryce Young era for them. And with the Commanders, they have the biggest injury so far. Laramie Tunsil, one of the best pass protectors in the league, out for the season. Just for reference, I mentioned some of these names before. Pff. They had the commanders top 20 before. They have. The Commander is dead last now, taking out Tunsil out of the lineup. Brandon thorne had them 11th, near top 10, 22nd. Now that's how much one name can swing it. We talked about it with Trent Williams, some of the others. I think it's possible Tunsil is such a big loss that might already have kind of doomed the Commanders this season.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker F: All right, let's. Let's round out the league here. We've got the last here. That is the bottom of the barrel, the cold pizza, the frozen pizza. Rather 30th, you have the Jacksonville Jaguars, 31st, the Titans and 32nd, the Cleveland Browns. We'll talk about Tennessee and Cleveland in a second. I don't even really know there's much to say about those two teams at this point. But the Jaguars, man, they won 13 games last year. Like, yeah, you were low on them last year and they still won 13 games. So I think they're bringing over a few holdovers here. So make the case for them being 30th.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Yeah, it's just a case of their winning in spite of, not because of. We said that about some of the quarterbacks. I think that's the case with this line here where Trevor Lawrence gets the ball out quick. That's helping. Liam Cohen's scheme, that's helping. But just the hole is less than some of the parts. There's no real strength here. If anything, I think tackle Cole Van Leinen probably is the best guy. He's injured. He got hurt the end of last season. He's still on the PUP list to start the year. We don't know when he's going to be back and there's rumors that could be a long term. So it's just a line that's hard to get excited about. There's. There's a lot of downside and not much to believe in.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker F: So we've piled on the Browns and Titans pretty heavily. In the first two podcasts. And I mean, I can't imagine they're going to be able to withstand us doing this every time we do a ranking show. But just, can you give me some good news about the Browns and Titans? Is there anything to be positive entering the 2026 season before we wrap up?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: I mean, the best news I can tell you for the Browns is that they returned none of their starters for last season. So we love continuity, but if you're the Browns, you do not want continuity. That was a disaster last year. They brought in a lot of names. You could kind of argue similar to the Texans, like, okay, we've got a bunch of names we know, but. But I like their names a little less. A lot of injury prone guys. They have a number nine pick, tackle Spencer Fano, who people like, but he's going to be a little bit more developmental and tough, especially with all those other guys next to him. I think that's going to go bad. The Titans at least have the best lineman of these two teams. And Skaranski, a great guard. They lost Zeitler. The tackles have not been good. Bill Callahan again, is a loss for them. Didn't really work there, obviously, but he's a legendary name. So it's just a. It's really bad. And look, the quarterbacks are not helping here. These are quarterbacks, they're holding the ball way too long and inviting extra pressure. But the lines are not helping the quarterbacks either. It's just, it's all bad. And it's again, wrong version of chicken and egg. But I don't know who's making it worse for who. But it's, it's just not been great for Titans and Browns. You know, hopefully maybe we get to our defense rankings. We'll get some slightly better news there.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker F: All right. All right. So that is the offensive line rankings from Brandon Anderson for the 2026 NFL season. I want to go back to the top of the list because let's recap the top 10 here again. So number one, you have the Denver Broncos. Number two, Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Number three, Indianapolis Colts. Number four, Los Angeles Chargers. Number five, Philadelphia Eagles. Six, the Buffalo Bills, Bears, Chiefs, 49ers, and then the Rams to round out the top 10. All right, we'll go all the way back to the top. So everybody kind of knows Denver's good. But I want to talk about that tier two again, that Bucks, Colts, Chargers section. What sleeper? If you had to pick up the three, is it the Bucks? Because it sounds like to me of the teams that we talked about, that's the one that you felt most strongly about.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Yeah, I do feel the best about the Bucks going in, I think, especially relative to where the rest of the league puts them. We already kind of know the Colts are good. They've been that good as well. But the Colts are the number three line. Everyone else in the division is bottom eight. So that's the huge, huge strength for them comparatively. They got other weaknesses, but if the Colts hand handle their business in the division, that's going to be a wise in the trenches. The Bucks don't have as big of a division advantage, but I think just offensive overall, they could be the best line in the league and they could have a much better offense than the rest of the division. So I am pretty into Tampa Bay this year. We can't do more Chargers here. You can't invest in the Chargers until you see more of them. But I like them. I like the Chargers this year.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker F: I just hurt before we finish the show.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: I might have to like them later because again, that offensive line, if they get healthy, it could be the single biggest unit swing in the NFL, which is a huge way to find some, you know, CLV and get some advantage in here. But we have to wait a little bit on them.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker F: Okay, I want to. Now we're going to go right back down to the bottom of the list. Specifically, I wanted to talk about those three playoff teams that you have closer to the bottom, like the Packers, Texans and Jags. This has got to be the biggest red flag for these rosters going forward, right?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Yeah, for sure. The Jags, it's just a less margin for error and it's tough to get that run game going that already wasn't great. The Texans just Still no answers there. And CJ Stroud, I'm a little worried. You know, we see quarterbacks get the yips a little bit when you just can't get the pressure out of your head. And I don't know how much longer we can take for him, the packers, for me, they're just a straight no investment right now as the future is better. You can't invest when that line is bottom five. And we don't know if Tucker Kraft is going to play and we know Michael Parsons isn't going to play for a while. That's your best defensive player, maybe your most important offensive player, and then no trenches. I. I just can't feel good about Green Bay. I think they could get there. Green Bay always finds a way later. And Parsons and Kraft will be Back later. But for right now, I think that's a stock going down and I can probably buy it cheaper later. I definitely can't invest in, in the packers right now.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker F: So when I read the article, I'm going to paraphrase here because I, I'm not just going to quote it directly, but you had mentioned that three teams that had these like rock steady lines for years and now we're starting to see kind of a turnover as a result. And you know, it might not be sunshine and rainbows for 2026. Like, I'm thinking of those packers, maybe the Lions, the Eagles. Of the three of those teams, especially in the nfc, which one is worrying you the most?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Yeah, we just talked about the Packers. We talked about the Eagles earlier. To me, the Lions really are the one that stands out and they're kind of right in the middle of the rankings. I tried to flag this a little bit there, there, but they already missed the playoffs last year. Their line already took a step back and now I think it takes a further step back. And again, we talked about no David Montgomery. Like a lot of the things that were working for. If you think of what is Detroit, biting kneecaps and gnashing teeth, that's the parts of the team, the core of the team that's been slowly getting a little lesser and lesser each year. And if that all adds up to Jared Goff looking more like badgered Goff, like we've seen in games or for stretches before with interior pressure, I just think I could see this going very poorly for them. I projected the lines as a big drop off last year and they kind of hung for a while and ended up kind of getting me both ways. They got me back in and then they were out. Anyways, I just feel like things for two years now have been trending the wrong direction. We saw Detroit one seed get upset by Washington, and I think ever since that game in the playoffs, it's just been going all the wrong direction for them. Right.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker F: So if those three teams end up taking, let's say, a step back for offensive line, there's a couple of teams in the nfc, actually a few that could, you know, maybe be a potential NFC sleeper. Right. Like, I look at the Falcons, I look at the Vikings, the Saints, like if you had to pick between those three, is there a sleeper that you could see maybe being a contender in the NFC this year?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Yeah, all three of those we had in our top 15. And look, we had the Bucks number two. So if you like the Bucks, then the Falcons And Saints don't stand out as much if you don't like the Bucks if they get an injury. If you disagree with that analysis, then maybe Atlanta, maybe New Orleans, their line can be a little bit more of a sleeper help there. To me, of the three, I know it sounds like Homer, but I think it's the Vikings. They could have the best line in the division. With Chicago taking a slight step back and with Detroit and Green Bay fading a bit here, I think Minnesota, if they get healthy, always a big F. But if Derrisau plays enough, that's a spot where there could be a higher floor than people are expecting for that offense.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker F: All right, so the Vikings, let's keep that in mind for potential futures investments. But I wanted to stick with futures because. And look, you are the futures guy, dude. So a lot of the time, especially with offensive line and trying to find those edges, you kind of noted that there's a few teams that you're not optimistic about, right? Like I think of the Steelers, the Lions, the Panthers, the Ravens, the Texans, the Chargers, like, what should we do with these teams? Like, how should we approach these teams? Should we just avoid them like the plague?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: I think it's not avoid like the plague, but we are seeing more and more where September football is kind of what used to be the preseason, where you can't overreact and teams are finding themselves early. These are teams that I expect to be doing a little more finding than some of the others. Remember we talked about, hey, maybe the Bengals can finally get a decent start this year. They got their continuity. Well, just really quickly, let me run through what is not continuity happening here for these teams. The Steelers, they're moving two guys to the other side of the line. They have four new starters in positions on the line. The Lions, they have three new starters. Sewell, back to the other side. New center. New rookie right tackle. Panthers, Their top four guys are all injured. Two of them definitely missing, possibly more. The Ravens have three new interior linemen. Remember, I'm high on them, but it's going to take some time. The Texans got the Texans shirt, but it's going to take some time. New center. Anytime you have a new center, that's again, the guy touching the ball every play. You got to get some cadence with your quarterback and just a lot of other options they got to settle between. And then this was a late ad, sadly, one last time. The Chargers, we got to see who's actually playing for them. Can Slater get out there to start the season? It looks like not Biotish but now we have another center that's a rookie that's going to be out there. So again, these are not teams that I'm just like, I'm out on them entirely. But week one, week two, maybe it's a little extra reason if you're thinking about betting against one of them anyways, maybe this is the reason. And these are futures that I'm looking to say, okay, I still like the Chargers, I kind of like the Ravens this year, but maybe not yet. Maybe I can get a cheaper price on some of these tickets because things might go a little bit down, get me a better price before they go back up later on. Futures happen all year round. So some of these is just like I'm out and others it's like, well, let's wait and see. We'll get a better price when we get it.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker F: Yeah. And we'll be able to look at that more and you'll have more content coming out throughout the season of ways to approach futures, what, what team you should be investing in, what teams you should be staying away from based on the play on the field. So I look forward to all that content throughout the NFL season. So that's going to do it for today's episode of the Action Network podcast. Thank you for tuning into our offensive line rankings and you'll hear more from us over the next couple weeks as Brandon continues with his NFL rankings. We've got coach rankings coming up, offense and defense. Also, don't forget to leave us that five star rating and review wherever you listen to the podcast and download the free award winning Action Network app, you can save $20 on an annual pro account by using code POD20@actionnetwork.com pro so for Brandon Anderson, I'm Jill Galand. Thank you again for listening to the Action Network podcast. Bone Shops.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: Action Network reminds you, please gamble responsibly. If you or someone you care about has a gambling problem, help is available 247 at 1-800-GAMBLER.
