[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: A vacation rental shouldn't come with surprises. It should come with Verbocare and 24. 7 Life Support. If the hot tub's broken, that's a Verbo Care thing. If my teenager starts calling me Leslie, that's a family thing. Leslie VRBoCare and 24. 7 Life Support. If you know you're VRBO, terms apply. See verbo.com trust for details.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: I'm Mangesha Tigular and I'm back with a new season of my podcast, Skyline Drive. This time I talk to scientists, biopunks, curmudgeons, blue zoners, super seniors, and Goa's top cryotherapy lab to try to understand this obsession with living forever and what
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: it means for all of us.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: And I get into a bit of trouble along the way.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: I'd say probably start bone smashing.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: That doesn't work.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: To make it look more defined, they say it works. I don't know.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Listen to Skyline Drive how to Live Forever on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: Hey, this is Hayes Davenport and Sean Clements. We host the podcast Hollywood Handbook.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: Each week we talk to someone in show business and try to help them with their careers and see what they have to offer us. Everyone has a good time and no one gets mad at their publicist for letting them do our.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: We've had a lot of great guests like Sarah Sherman, Adam Scott, Danny McBride, Ben Stiller, and a lot of other big shots that wouldn't be where they are without us. Listen to Hollywood handbook on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Our hometown is not a test tube.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: 90 miles northeast of Nashville, a battle for the future of America plays out in one small town.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: Developers with right wing ties have purchased hundreds of acres of land.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: We need cities on a shining hill.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: This is Our Town, a podcast about what happens when a town becomes the site of a social experiment and fights back.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Guess you didn't move in on a bunch of dumb hillbillies now, did you?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: Listen to Our town on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker H: Summer's full of reasons to look your best to Covis. Western boots are handcrafted in over 200 steps with premium cowhide and exotic leathers. And they're comfortable right out of the box. No break in period. Just boots you can wear all summer long. Their performance shirting and premium denim keep you cool and put together wherever the season takes you. And of course, you can always stop by tous.com to covis forever west,
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: the Action Network podcast. I'm just about that action, boss.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: All right, here we go.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: From the 10, throwing end zone. Spectacular catch. They're saying it's a catch.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: Touchdown.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: You see, most gamblers, when they go
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: to gamble, they go to win. Oh, my God. That's incredible. Big bank, small bank. I like to make money.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: All right, that is the ultimate kabash.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: You want to bet?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: And we are underway.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Welcome to the Action Network podcast. I am Gill Galant and I am joined by NFL betting expert and futures analyst Brandon Anderson, here with the Action Network. And today we're going to kick off what we call rankings week here at Action Network. And Brandon, I know this is an exercise you do every NFL offseason. We got to get prepared for the new season. And you like to study and rank pretty much every facet of a football team, whether that be, you know, coaches, offensive lines, skilled players, offenses, defenses, all of them need to be ranked because they all play integral parts for the success of a football team. And of course, no position more important than the starting NFL quarterback. And that's where we're going to start today with the big one. We are going to dive into and rank all 32 NFL quarterbacks across the league. You can also check the Action Network website for the written version of all of these rankings from Brandon. I'm sure it's going to be an intense piece, but again, very good read before we go into the season. Now, Brandon, obviously there's some criteria that you like to use for how you rank this. This might be a listener's first time hearing your process. Can you just tell us a little bit about the criteria you use for ranking NFL quarterbacks?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Yeah. We are so back. We are ready for football. We've got I think about 7,000 words on quarterbacks up on the website by the time you listen to this. If you to hear more, there will be plenty more there for me. With quarterbacks, it really comes down to one simple criteria. Pick the quarterback. You want to help the team win a Super bowl this year, period. That means things like health does matter because we need our guy to stay healthy for 18 games and four more playoff games, hopefully three immediate upside matters, not necessarily long term stuff. But what about right now? Things like contracts don't matter. And importantly, and here's the tricky part, we're trying to parse out coaching, team situation, play calling offensive lines as best we can. That's the hard part. All the moving pieces is try to figure out who Gets credit for what but trying to say, okay, who could we put in on which team and have the best season? And as always with this and all of our rankings, we'll do these in tiers. Tiers should mean generally speaking that names within a tier you can kind of argue against one another, but they should be inarguable up or down a tier. And so we're just going to kind of go through one to 32 quarterbacks and everything else on the next podcast ahead and yeah, lead us away.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah. And so we're going to start with quarterback rankings today. Later in the week we'll do offensive lines, skill positions, coaching. But for quarterback rankings again, we're going to start right at the top, go from 1 through 32. We're going to fly through these, hopefully get this done within the next hour. So let's start off right at the top. Some names that should not be a surprise to anybody in the first tier. So tier one, this is the best of the best. We have Josh Allen now at number one, Patrick Mahomes at number two. And in tier two we have, remember Brandon named these titles so I'll just read them off. But the AFC north bites back. Number three, you have Joe Burrow and number four, Lamar Jackson. Now we have to talk, I think right at the top. I don't think many people will dispute that having Josh Allen at the top, but because you've done the quarterback rankings now for many years and you've had Patrick Mahomes at number one spot for seven straight seasons. So I want to ask like was it a tough thing to do to push him down to number two?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Yeah, it ended up really not being tough. Like you said, this is not really probably controversial decision but last year, but look, seven years, that's all them homes years. Ever since he became a full time starter, he's been number one every time in until now. And I'm pretty sticky with these ratings. I try to not overreact as best we can to a small sample. Well, we already said last year Mahomes was invincible until proven otherwise. 6 and 11 and a torn ACL that's otherwise we have to count that in. And I think the case for Allen was pretty clear. All the physical tools, he's cut down the mistakes a lot. I know people are going to argue about the no super bowl and the playoffs. He's been pretty great individual in the playoffs. That's an argument for another day for Mahomes. It's his first major injury. The metrics have dropped off even before the injury. And I think that's the key here where he's really been like around 10th or so in like EPA success rate, completion over. Expect a lot of those things the last couple of years now. So we still give him the benefit of the doubt. It's Pat, he's going to win in the playoffs. And even this last three years has been this kind of weird downswing from what it had been before that. But here's the weird downswing. Mahomes 10.3 win pace, 6 to 1 in the playoffs with the ring. Yeah, that'll do. So Mahomes, I'm going to keep you in the top tier. Benefit of the doubt still, but not number one. Benefit of the doubt, that's Allen now.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: And I think you can make a point too about both Allen and Mahomes where you could defend the position here because even Josh Allen with his playoff non success, it's never really been about him. It's the defense kind of letting him down or even Patrick Mahomes. Yes, the stats have kind of regressed over the last three years, but when you look at that pool of skill position players, it probably should. You know, at this point everybody's a bit. You're older like Travis kelce's probably almost 40 now, so. But I want to talk about Burrow, Jackson and Mahomes in total, specifically when it comes to the injuries. Right, because all three of those guys had some injury issues last year. Joe Burrow missed half of the year. Lamar Jackson was dealing with knee and leg issues. Patrick Mahomes obviously coming off a torn ACL. How worried should we be going into 2026 about these three as far as
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: the rankings go, I think not that worried to be honest. We can always be aware of it. I would say I'm least concerned about Burrow. Pretty fluky injuries and I know they keep on happening, but it's a lot of stuff that shouldn't really be repeated from year to year. I'm actually kind of a bit in on Burrow, but we kind of know where he's at in these ranks. Talked about Mahomes. To me, Lamar is the one where you could get the most concern. But I do think people are overreacting too. So the numbers were rough last year. They were not good. And with especially a quarterback where the legs are more of a factor then age comes in and you're like, okay, when is the drop off? And I think last year showed when the drop off comes, it's going to hit a guy like Lamar Jackson harder than it will a Joe Burrow, because Joe's going to stand there and make the throws and he may well do that for a long time. Lamar gets so much value out of his legs, but last year that's where the injuries were. The hamstring and then the knee. And if you look at like every time you find a stat for Lamar, it's really bad last year for his usual. And then you think about, you're like, yeah, well, that's what would happen if you couldn't move around at all. So I think to me it's just throw it out. It's one really bad year. We have a lot of other good years. It's a new coaching system now. There are reasons still to have some concern and all the playoff foibles still, too. But to me, we should be some concerned about these guys. But nobody else was ready to jump up into the section. Last year we did this. I said, I wish we could leave five to seven blank. And I think now the five to seven names have filled in admirably, but they haven't filled in up to the one to four slots. So we kind of know who these guys are at the top.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Okay, so before we talk about five through seven, let's just recap that again. So you have Josh Allen, number one, Patrick Mahomes at number two in their own tier. And then in tier two, you have Joe Burrow at number three, Lamar Jackson at number four. Four reference, these are the same top four quarterbacks that we had in these rankings last year. All right, let's move to tier three. You have called this tier great regardless of the surroundings. And at number five, you have Jordan Love, number six, Drake May, and number seven, Dak Prescott. That was probably the one of the three that I was a little surprised. But we'll talk about more about that in a second. Let's. Jordan Love, you know, because last year you might have been one of the more earlier adopters of Jordan Love as far as the metrics go. Like, you had him sixth last year. What makes you so sure about Jordan love coming into 2026?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Yeah. So for me, these are the only three other guys left on the confident can be great regardless of the surroundings. What I mean by that is maybe the coaching is not great, maybe the play calling is unreliable, the blocking has not been great up front. The weapons come and go. That's the sort of thing that separates you as like a really true top, top quarterback. And with love, here's the numbers. Now. Last year, number two in EPA per play Number three in completion over expected, number four pff Grade. He's the all time NFL leader in sacrate. He's at least nine wins every season. He's also on that stretch and I know only one playoff win but like you said, teams win, not quarterbacks. He's fourth in EPA per play in the playoffs on that stretch too. Another guy that I think has clearly been let down by defense, by special teams in Green Bay year after year and I think honestly a little bit by the coaching too. As much as I love lafleur so with Love, it's this weird thing where when he makes the mistakes, they're loud, they're ugly. I think it's a bit Josh Allen in that way like that the mistakes are really bad because he's really good at hunting the big plays but the big plays are there and like you said, I do think the media is coming around a little bit and sort of has Love in this range now. So it's not so surprising. But I've been here, this is where Love is at and I do think it's not a great setup for him in Green Bay. We'll get to that in some of the other rankings, but I think if Green Bay struggles this year, it's probably not going to be because of Love. It might be in spite of him kind of sticking around and doing his best.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah, not to do a spoiler on the skill position rankings. I'm not very high on the pattern side of things, which is why I tend to agree with you on that. Jordan Love is kind of elevated his status as a quarterback in the NFL. Drake May almost won MVP last year and you called your shot on him. When we did this pod last year you had him at number 12 and you said it wouldn't be surprised if he made a little bit of a jump and he clearly did. I guess the question I would have to ask about Drake May is does he have another leap in him like that? Because for me, if I was to say if he had a leap it would be where the Patriots could really just let him loose near the red zone because he scrambled a lot. Didn't do a ton of that in the red zone.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Yeah. And I think the this is a spot where I mentioned like I'm pretty sticky in these rankings if I just went off of last year. I think Drake clearly is in the next tier up at least and I think at the end of this year if he does what he did last year, all year again and in the playoffs this time, my friend, because he was not so good in the playoffs last year, despite the Super Bowl. That wasn't on him. If he does that this year, I think he could be in the top tier with the top guys. That's the level he was last year. He was top two in basically every key metric. He mentioned scrambling. He led the league in scramble yards. He would have been my MVP vote. And importantly, they didn't really have that great a blocking last year, especially in the playoffs. They didn't have great weapons at all. Now the line gets a little better. Now you get A.J. brown and Romeo Dobbs, and the receiving set looks a lot better with those guys. So it's kind of interesting with Drake May and the Patriots, because I feel like last year almost was a surprise, a bonus for them. I think they've been building towards this group that they've added now, and they've added all this around the offense. Now, what can Drake do, and can he repeat it again? Can he put those metrics at the top and get those wins? And if he does it two years in a row, then I do think there's another level with some of these options around him. And so I think sky's the limit on a team that I thought I would be ready to fade as we kind of were ready to say, okay, well, you know, all the schedule stuff lasted. We debated that all year. But now it's offset by all these additions around Drake May, and I think he's ready to rock.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Okay, Jordan love five. Drake May 6th, Dak Prescott, seventh. Look, I'm wearing a cowboy sweater like I am all Cowboys. I'm very plugged into how they. How they operate. And Dak Prescott, I find over the years, one thing that he has really shown is that he can at least raise a floor of an offense now. Doesn't necessarily mean he gets to the ceiling. No. But at least we know kind of the baseline of what he can get to. So even as a Cowboys fan, though, I find it difficult to rank Dak Prescott this high. And look, I know you fairly well. I know you don't do drugs, but I have to ask, like, are you high with this? What's going on?
[00:00 - 00:01] Speaker A: So this is really around the range. I've usually had Dak this, like kind of seven to 10, not the top five, but definitely in this range. To me, the move was moving up into this tier, even though it's kind of about the same number. Putting him with these other guys, putting him with Drake May with what Drake did last year, and it's again looking at the surroundings. That's the head of the heading here. So last year Dak faced the third most pressures in the league but he was number one on PFF grade under pressure. He's been a top five PFF grade overall two of the last three years. The year in between was terrible. But like Lamar I think was just an injury year you kind of throw out given the rest of his stats over his career. He was number one in the clutch last year in PFF grade. Just the numbers keep checking out and look, I know he had the huge Pickens year and CD Lam, you've got the great weapons. We kind of count that against Burrow if we're being honest. But we're taking into account all the other things too with what Burroughs weapons have. I think Dak has just shown that it's not just these weapons and he's not just a litmus test for the team. We're going to get to that in a second in my next year. That's what I'm moving him up from. I think he's risen above that and not quite far enough. Not for you a Cowboys fan because you got to mention the 2 and 5 record in the playoffs and he never gets that win done there but 10.2 win pace in the regular season and ironically I put this in the article, I think he's kind of become this era's Tony Romo. Another guy that I thought was always like the 8th best quarterback top quarter of the league every year. But you got that star on the side of the helmet, you get a lot of extra criticism and I don't know, maybe we shouldn't be doing Tony Romo comps these days. That's a different comp altogether. But I think Dak has been really good and proven he belongs in this area.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah, I, I with Romo and Prescott we'll just, we'll keep Prescott, get him a driver at least for a little while just to make sure we don't follow in Tony Romo's footsteps. But I, I, I think the main thing that I would say with Dak and the one thing that you mentioned about Jordan on is just the turnovers with that star on the helmet are just so much more loud like an impactful. So Dak Prescott tends to be a pretty divisive quarterback but I think right now even analytics people, even just the general public, I think around 7 to 8 is the appropriate range for him. So yeah, Dak Prescott. So again we'll go through this top seven here. Josh Allen, Patrick Mahomes Joe Burrow, Lamar Jackson, Jordan Love, Drake May, Dak Prescott. Those are the first seven quarterbacks in Brandon Anderson's quarterback rankings for the 2026 season. Tier 4, and as you called it, the litmus tests. And before we talk about the name, let's see. You have five quarterbacks in this range. Number eight, reigning MVP Matthew Stafford. Number nine, Justin Herbert. Number 10, Brock Purdy. And number 11, Trevor Lawrence. And number 12, Baker Mayfield. Out of the five, I think Baker might be the one that kind of stands out the most. We'll talk about him here in a second. But let's start just with the tier name itself, because I know this is a tier that you pretty much like to use for those quarterbacks between the 8 and 12 range. So just to define what litmus test means for you from this exercise and then we'll reveal who we got.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Yeah, this is one where it's like, okay, how did the quarterback do? If. If you tell me the quarterback stats, tell me how the quarterback did this year, you're probably telling me, what did the team do? How did the team surroundings look? Because they're going to sort of reflect what the team was. So great blocking, good weapons, good play calling. You can get an MVP out of here. This is where the Matt Ryan MVP rose out of. This is where, look, you mentioned it, Matthew Stafford, the MVP is in this tier. We'll get to him in a second. But I think too importantly, when things don't go well, when the blocking goes badly, when the weapons get injured or just aren't that talented, when the play calling isn't there, things can go the other direction. As a Vikings fan, I had a lot of years watching Kirk Cousins, who was like the stalwart in this group, near the bottom usually, but in this range of like the 12th best quarterback in the league, which is so frustrating as a fan and because you just get stuck in these years of like, well, they're kind of good, but not quite good enough. Can they make the play? Well, they can if everything is perfect. And if everything is perfect, like with Stafford last year, things can look really, really good. Everything is not perfect. And we'll get back to that. With Baker, things can look really bad. And so I think this is one where this tier is. You reflect your team surroundings. And that's why I think Dak is above that now. I think he's proven with Drake and with Love that he can be a great quarterback regardless of that, even though he's mvp. I still haven't gotten there with Stafford And I know you want to talk about him. You, you've kept teasing the old rankings and it's like letting the listeners hear how Matthew Stafford's name is still not in the list. And we're finally here. So what do you think on the Stafford thing?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Well, for me just my general rule of. Because spoiler alert, we both bet on Matthew Stafford to win MVP last year. We got that at 50 to 1. But I just find it hard to put seven other guys in front of the reigning MVP. And for me just I have a general rule like if you win mvp, you get top five status. That doesn't mean you're going to be in the top three or you maybe even be a tier below the guys, but you're going to still be solidly in my top five. So make the case. Matthew Stafford at eighth.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Yeah. So I mean look the, the rankings have him at eight. Because I think that there are seven guys who we just mentioned who'd be just as good with the Rams. And importantly, I think those seven guys teams would be worse if they had Stafford instead of the quarterback in their place. And that's, that's it. That's the ranking system. Look, the numbers are obviously great. Last year, Stafford 47, big time throws. That's a PFF stat. That led the league by 16. That's like 50% more than the next guy. That's a huge number. He led the league in first downs, pass yards, pass touchdowns. He won MVP for us. We cashed our tickets. But could you possibly get a better situation set up for a quarterback? All five linemen were top 10 PFF grades. So you got great blocking, you have an elite rushing attack. Thanks Sean McVay, you have great play calling, probably the best in the league. Puka and Devonte maybe like the all time red zone target. And you have a good defense so you're playing with the lead in comfortable positions all year when the calibration all is all right like that Stafford still gets credit for doing the thing and that's why he won mvp. But I think a lot of other guys would look really good in that setup when everything is just buzzing, just right. And the thing with Stafford, that always gets me and it's funny, this is actually a big jump. I had him 14th last year, so up to eighth is a big move for me. But with him it's like everyone remembers the sizzle plays, right? Everyone remembers the red hot stretch when everything is right. But when things get off kilter a little bit, you get one injured lineman and a Little bit extra pressure. Suddenly it's like, oh, right, he's not that great under pressure. And, oh, okay. One of the receivers is hurt. He can't quite create like some of these other guys. Don't forget. He's also 38 with injury issues. Like, one hit and he could be sidelined or that could be career ending. We didn't even know if he was going to be ready to play. Heading in the last season, that was part of the MVP narrative. So for me, there's still a lot of downside here that I think we kind of conveniently choose to overlook a lot as sports media. And so he's really good. He's still top core of the league here. And I get that, that most folks would have him higher, but I have been a bit of a skeptic over the years. This is high for me. I think he's a perfect litmus test. The group around him was so good last year, and he's at the top of this group for a reason.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: I think I bullied you into putting him into eighth. I think that's what happened. Because I feel like when we first talked, you had him closer to like 12, 13th, like kind of what you had last year. And then the more we talked, you're like, I gotta do it then. Fine. All right, let's move over to the neighbors in SOFI Stadium, the LA Chargers with Justin Herbert, because he dropped a full tier here. He was top five for you, and now down to ninth. Is it put up or shut up kind of this season for him, I
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: think it is like, undeniable tools. And he hasn't had the help. Right. He's had a rough blocking last year. Both the tackles basically missed the whole season. But at some point you gotta actually do the thing. And like, the metrics have never really been there for him. He's kind of been a fringe top 10 in all the metrics. That's where I have him now, is fringe top 10. And at some point, you can't just keep projecting. You have to do the thing. And he has not done the thing in the playoffs, that's for sure. He's 0 and 3. And quarterbacks are not only responsible for the wins, but he has been horrendous. He has been awful, awful in those playoff games. We remember them this year. I like the line a lot. I like Mike McDaniel a lot. I think this is the best ecosystem that Herbert has had. Probably what I should be doing is holding firm on Herbert in my top tier because he would make Me look good finally this year. That's not how I do this exercise. I think he has to prove it. I think this is going to be like a one year penalty drop and he probably jumps back up into that tier now that he actually has a chance to do the thing. But do the thing, Herbert, for once.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Well, and I mean, I think any quarterback, when they lose both starting tackles by like week four for the year, you're going to see some regression. I think it's just more surprising of how poorly he played after Joe Alt went out. And then it was really difficult offense to watch. All right, Brock Purdy, Baker, Mayfield. A little bit higher for me than what I'm used to. But what bumped them into this range, especially Baker.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Yeah, Purdy number 10 like last year, look, I had Geno Smith number 10. Did not go well for me. Sometimes you got to put someone as a top 10 and there are maybe nine top 10 quarterbacks as me we're at. But I think Purdy's kind of proven at this point. He jumps up from 18 for me. We know the good stuff. When the system is worrying and when everything is cooking under Shanahan, you know it's going to look good. We've seen that from Jimmy Garoppolo, from Mac Jones. But we saw last year, we saw Mac Jones and that was not the same offense anymore. There's something that Purdy adds different than those other quarterbacks. And we've seen enough by now. The pocket navigation, the extra creation. There are some mistakes too. You pay the penalty for the upside. But I don't think this is just Shanahan anymore. It's definitely a lot of it. It's why he's in this tier. But he's. He's really won me over. Baker, I'm tentative on here. He's bottom of the tier for me, but I think we kind of forget. So last year he started 5 and 1. I think he was like the MVP favorite for a hot minute or at least really close to it. He had wins against the Texans, the Seahawks and the Niners. Those are really good teams. And he did that with no Mike Evans, no Chris Godwin, and he was the MVP favorite among them. Then he hurt his shoulder and the wheels fell off off 27th and EPA per play the rest of the way. And it was really bad. And that's kind of the Baker story is it's either really good and fun, if we're being honest, or really, really bad. So the scrambling, the creation, that's all fun and you know you see him laying it on the line, but you're always going to get the risk of the big mistakes, the sacks, the turnovers. That's the sort of thing that a truly elite quarterback can't have. And so I think, for me, if I'm being honest, this is a touch of projection here. I just mentioned with Herbert. Maybe I should be being more aggressive this year. I like the Bucs offensive line a lot. I think it's a really good spot for Baker, and it was not last year. And I think we saw last year the litmus test for early part in the year, we saw things a little more stable and he looked good. And then when he got hurt and things went awry and they had a lot of injuries there, he looked really, really bad. I think it's a good setup, and I think it can look good this year, but we'll see.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Okay, so before we get out of here. All right. Matthew Stafford at 8. Justin Herbert, 9th. Brock Purdy, 10th. Trevor Lawrence, 11th. Baker Mayfield, 12th. We didn't say anything about Trevor Lawrence. Do we need to say anything about Trevor Lawrence? 11th feels appropriate.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Yeah, I think it's about right. Last seven games last year, he was on pace during that stretch for 4,500 passing yards and 54 touchdowns. That's MVP numbers. That's a huge leap. I need to see more. I need to see it under Liam Cohen, Year two. That was a really soft schedule stretch. So is that real? Was that like he put it together finally under a good play caller? Probably part, maybe not quite that much. 10% drop rate from the receivers last year. Really fun, good receiving course, a lot of reasons to like him. He's another one where. Look, I don't think Baker or Purdy is going to jump up tiers from here. Lawrence could definitely jump there. Still, there's room for him to keep climbing. I think this is the right spot for now.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Football season is here, folks, and if you don't already have the Action Network app, now is the time. And to get the most out of the app, you'll want to be an Action Pro subscriber. And it's only with Action Pro, you can get real time pick alerts from me, Brandon and the entire Action Network team of experts. You can access pro projections, which are powered by Sean Kerner and our predictive analytics team and a ton of other benefits. And right now, Action Network podcast listeners can save $20 off the annual price of Action Pro. Just go to actionnetwork.com pro use code pod20. That's actionnetwork.com pro and use code pod20 for $20 off the annual price of ActionPro.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: I'm Mangesha together and I'm back with a new season of the podcast Skyline Drive. This time I'm diving into a rabbit hole of peptides, organoids, blood boys, blue zones and brain replacement to try to understand what this longevity obsession is all about and what it really means to live forever for all of us. I learned about some rad science.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: I can make a brain for you. And then we can test what drug is the best for your brain as opposed to here.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: His brain. Here's some hard truths.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: I would expect Indians to age faster, but I did not expect it to
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: be almost a four to five year acceleration and get myself into a world of trouble.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: I'd say probably start bone smashing. That doesn't work. Make it look more defined. They say it works. I don't know.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Listen to Skyline Drive how to live Forever on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Hey, this is Hayes Davenport and Sean Clements. We host the podcast Hollywood Handbook on the Big Money Players Network.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Our show is extremely accessible to first time listeners. Each week we talk to someone in show business, AKA the biz, and try to help them with their careers and see what they have to offer us. Everyone has a good time and no one gets mad at their publicists for letting them do our show.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: We've had a lot of great guests like Sarah Sherman. Not that great, actually.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Can you help me?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Can you help me shape this?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: How about we flip it on his head?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Okay.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: How about we flip the script?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Okay.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: What if the surprise woman, who actually you think is the straight man is
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: actually the one who's acting weird?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Adam Scott.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: This entire time you've been expecting Adam Sandler to come to visit the show?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: I would never let go of that.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: I have.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: I would never set, set expectations for something like that. Seems like if the universe allows for something like that to happen, I'm open to it. I'm always going to accept, you know, Danny McBride. Fine.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Yeah.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: It's all this fragile masculinity exuding.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: I could smell it walking down the hallway, to be honest with you.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: I was like, is that weed?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Nope.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: It's fragile masculinity.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Yeah.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Ben Stiller.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: No, because a lot of times in out of context, people don't. Don't get it or even know what a circle is. You know what I mean? Like, they're like, oh, what's the state?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Everyone's soaked. I'm excited for you.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Fake.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Right, fake. And and also not interested or just like, oh, I've got my life, I
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: don't care about your life. And a lot of other big shots that wouldn't be where they are without us.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Oh, and by the way, Will Ferrell told us personally he loves the show and he wants to be a guest on every episode, but he's just so busy.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Listen to Hollywood handbook on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Our town is small taters by most standards, right? But to the people who grew up here, it's everything.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: What happens when a quiet Tennessee town becomes the front line in a battle over the future of America?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: Developers with right wing ties have purchased hundreds of acres of land in the area.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: The first thing you see when it pops up is pioneers in Appalachia.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: But they weren't just planting houses.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: We need cities on a shiny hill that exemplify and embody the Christian way of life. Stop right there. Is that normal?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: A podcast about what happens when a small town becomes the site of a social experiment? God made men to rule and decides to fight back?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Do not use my hard work to sell your bull. They're not just opposing what's being planned for here. Our hometown is not a test to
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: they feel like they're standing in opposition
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: to an entire administration. Guess you didn't move in on a bunch of dumb hillbillies now, did you?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: Listen to Our town on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: This episode is sponsored by Air Med Care Network. Where the roads end and the trail begins. Adventure calls. But out here, the unexpected can happen fast. That's why Air Med Care Network has your back. For just 9.99amonth, your membership provides essential financial protection during a medical emergency, even in the places your truck can't reach. And right now, when you join, you'll get an E gift card with code gift card at checkout. When you're built for the outdoors, make sure your coverage is too go to air medcarenetwork.com to sign up now.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker H: Summer's full of reasons to look your best to Covis. Western boots are handcrafted in over 200 step steps with premium cowhide and exotic leathers. And they're comfortable right out of the box. No break in period. Just boots you can wear all summer long. Their performance shirting and premium denim keep you cool and put together wherever the season takes you. And of course, you can always stop by tocovis.com to Covis Forever West.
[00:01 - 00:02] Speaker C: All right, we're back. Now into the quarterback rankings for the 2026 NFL season. We've now moved to Tier 5. This is the upside swings, and we start at number 13 with Caleb Williams and number 14, Jaden Daniels. Number 15, Jalen Hurts, 16, CJ Stroud, and number 17, Kyler Murray. That is now two tiers in a row. I feel like you've just shoehorned in a quarterback that I'm not sure needs to be there. But again, I'll let you explain kind of why we have Kyler Murray here. But I want to start with Jalen Hurts, because I like to do this exercise, too, where I try to rank the quarterbacks 1 through 32. And like you, I found it difficult to kind of pick his spot because I feel like if I put him at 15th, I feel like I'm a couple spots low. But then if I put him at 10th, I'm like, oh, no, no, no, that's too high for me. Was it also hard for you to rank Jalen Hurts at quarterback this year?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker A: Yeah, I think he was probably the hardest guy for me to come up with. Even now, I don't feel great about 15. I feel like it's wrong. It's either 5 too high or 5 too low. And we'll. We'll have a better answer, like, two months from now. That's really. This whole tier is. This whole section is guys that are going to make me look dumb one way or the other, but we don't really know which direction yet. And so to me, at this point of our. Our presumed quarterback draft, if we may, like, I'd rather take a shot on the upside here. The guys after this tier basically is like, I don't really feel like I'm going to win with you at my quarterback position this year. So I'd rather take the upside shot on one of these guys. The question with Hertz is, is that upside still there with him? And I think it's fair to wonder that in part because the. The value with his legs and not just the tush push, you know, that's the whole thing that's still there, but he's not really running that much. There's a lot fewer designed runs now, and if that value is starting to go. And look, he just kind of looks a little slower. If we're being honest, the last couple of years, I think the injuries and all those tush pushes maybe have cut up a little bit. If that value drops. He's not always been the best passer. We all know this about him. He's been bad under pressure pretty much his whole career, but he's had this incredible line to help protect him. He's not been reliable passing. We know about the middle of the field issues, and now we have this new Sean Manion offense that seems to be built around attacking the middle of the field. They went out and got these other guys to attack the middle of the field. Well, guess what? Your guys got to throw it to the middle of the field. So I hope this works out for you. I don't know if it will, Jill. Like, it's hard to deny what Hertz has done in the past last four years. 14 wins, 11, 12, and 13. Two Super Bowls, the Super Bowl MVP. If we're ranking based on what you've done on your resume, this is undeniably way too low. Like, there's no question about it. It's stupidly low. He should be top five. But that's not the exercise. The exercise is, who do I want this year? And every time I asked that about Jalen Hurts, I moved him down a couple spots. I just can't get super excited about him. The past has been good. I don't feel great about where it's ending. And I think there's a real scenario this year where we get to the end of the year, maybe not even the end. I think this could be, if it doesn't go well, the end of the Hertz and or Sirianni era. Like, and maybe that's not news. Like, that's always. It's Philadelphia. Maybe every week is the potential end of Sirianni and the Hertz era. But I think this has potential to be like, man, the flaws are so glaring. It's not worked in any of these other systems. And this is a bad contract we have to get rid of now or I'll look really stupid and he'll be right back up in, like, eighth at the top of the litmus tier like he usually is.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Well, I mean, I think if the exercises that were ranking quarterbacks, then, yeah, maybe Jalen Hurt. Like, if the F exercises to rank, like, fullbacks near the goal line, Jalen Hurts would be number one with a bullet, you know, But I think that's the point, is that at some point, you have to be able to throw the ball and move around in the pocket. And now with A.J. brown gone, like, the excuses are kind of gone with this. Oh, are we unhappy? Are we happy? And then, of course, if you read any kind of training camp Offseason stuff, it's Jalen Hurts has really improved his accuracy and is really going to try to make it over the middle of the field. So we are going to see. This is kind of, like you said, kind of a make or break year it feels like for Jalen Hurts. But let's talk about the young guys in the group because Caleb Williams is somebody I was probably a little bit higher and I thought maybe closer to the top 10 range. I can kind of understand why you had Jaden him over Jaden Daniels at the top at 13 and 14. But CJ Stroud, like, how does he fix in here? Because the last time we saw him on a football field, it was probably one of the worst displays of quarterback play.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker A: Yeah, Stroud was really rough and that's why he's toward the bottom of this group. To me, again, this is the upside tier. I don't know that I really feel like upside goes with Stroud anymore at this point. I don't think, especially compared to these other guys, I don't know that I've ever really seen him as a top five, seven potential type guy. And if you don't necessarily have that level of upside, the downside is clear. The downside has been really ugly. He was 31st in the PFF grid last year. I did not think he looked that bad. And look, he's getting no blocking. He can't. They got no run game. Their pets heads are falling off. It's not great for Stroud. Maybe he belongs in that litmus tier group group. But he was more than that last year or less than that, whichever way you want to go. He was bringing the team down. I think that was the best team in the AFC playoffs and he cost them the AFC playoffs and a chance of the Super Bowl. So if the upside is not necessarily there, you got to be at the lower part of this group with Caleb and Daniels, the upside is clearly there. I thought honestly, I'd be even a little bit lower on Caleb, but he's one mentioned with Hertz. I kept wanting to kind of squeeze down. Every time I'd come back to my list, I'd be like maybe one spot higher for Caleb. I don't want to really be late on Caleb. Last year, you know, you and I did these exercises. How many times I say the words Ben Johnson? Like 100 across the three, you know, three weeks of preseason.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: I had to mute it after a while.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker A: It was. It was a lot, but it was right. He was really good and Caleb was really good. And that's why I ended up quite as high as Caleb as I am is because last year out of his rookie season coming into the NFL, there was these two huge flaws that continued into his rookie season. He had not a good deep ball even though he threw a ton of them and he was holding the ball way too long creating mistakes. And then Last year, in one year with Ben Johnson, his deep ball jumped from 36 PFF grade to top five and a sac rate dropped from 11% to 4%. He dropped a full second in time to throw and his pressure to sac rate from 28% which is horrible to 11% which is really good. All that happened in one year under Ben Johnson. It's just like if we know the good, we saw the plays against the packers we see that like one of one ability to rip through the defense, pass through four guys and make the play. You can do that if you can cut the bat out out of the way. That's why we had the Mahomes comps for him before the draft is because you know the good stuff but can he get rid of the bad stuff and for me can he eat the vegetables? Can he like hit some singles every now and then and just move the chains a little bit? That's why you mentioned you maybe would have him top 10. I could get there. I need a few more veggies in between. I need a little bit of that with it. But he's moving the right way and I want to be on the right side of him. With Jayne Daniels. I don't feel like really learning anything last year, just kind of a lost season. The truth is he has the better season so far than Caleb Williams. Same draft, two years each. His rookie season is the best one year product I think out of the two. But the injuries and again so much of James value is is tied up in his legs and we just don't know if he can stay healthy. That was already the question with him. I ended up Caleb over him because I like the trajectory. I like where Caleb is going. I believe in that direction. Jaden is a wild. I do think people are a bit too far out on him based on just kind of one last year. But then I look and I'm not very high on the commander's line this year and they're coaching and like it's not a great spot. It's kind of just team only Jaden Daniels again and I worry that, you know we get a lot of the Robert Griffin the third comps with him. It does worry me that we're headed that direction, but the upside is still there with them too.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Well, I think the Jaden Daniels CJ Stroud issue here is offensive line. Not to spoil anything, when we eventually do our offensive line rankings, don't be surprised at both the commanders and touchdowns. Texans are in the bottom five for offensive line rankings as we go. All right, I have to ask Kyler Murray sell me on this because you know I'm not. The height has always been an issue for me with Kyler and you saw it even last year when Jacoby Brissette took over that you could actually see passes that being made these singles or vegetables that you like to talk about. What are we doing here with Kyler Murray as a Viking quarterback?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker A: Yeah, look, maybe it's just delusion at this point. I looked back at last year's column and I basically had him right in this range and said, but I think I might be out. I even called him possibly NFL Lamello ball. Here I am, Minnesota sports fan and I gotta root for Lamelo and Kyler Murray now. I did that to myself somehow. It's possible I'm gonna just be way out on this ranking soon. Kyler, I don't know that he's the best fit for Minnesota, but it's undeniably the best spot that he's had to be able to be good. I think their offensive line can be better than people think. They have great weapons there. He's got to stay on the field, man. He's only averaged 10 games the last four years, but when he's been healthy, rarely and in a good ecosystem, even more Rarely, he's been a 500 quarterback. So can we start with a 500 baseline, stay on the field and then can we get Kevin o' Connell and the better system here and give you another chance? Look, he was free for the Vikings so it's a no brainer. He's not jj. It's an obvious choice that they go with him. He's still the former number one pick. He still has been like a mid season MVP favorite at one point. I have to believe a little bit in the upside because if you don't take the upside swing, you get one of the next four guys or the guys from here forward, which I basically think this, this to me is the last guy that I'm like, you know what? I can believe in you in a playoff setup to go do something for me. Famous last words for me, the Vikings fan rocking Pepper jersey today. But I'm not going to believe that way about anyone else left on the list. Not this year.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Well, we will see. This will probably be Kevin o' Connell's biggest obstacle to success with the Vikings, because if they went 8 and 9 with, like, if you had JJ McCarthy as a starting quarterback, we'd probably be talking about the Vikings quarterback room as bottom five in the NFL this year. But for sure. So that's 13 through 17. Let's now move to tier six. Brandon calls. This year you can win with them, but not because of them. And number 18, you have Jared Goff. Number 19, reigning Super bowl champion, Sam Darnold. Number 20, Bonix. And again, you keep shoehorning these guys into tears that I'm like, what are you doing? Like 21. You have Geno Smith at 21, which I'm just like, oh, my gosh, I cannot wait to hear this case here. So tell me a little bit more. Let's start with Sam Darnold.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker A: Well, let me just start just with kind of grouping these guys all together in the. The tier thing. So this is a group where you're going to. People talk about them as quote winners. And like, is winners a compliment or is that pejorative for them? Anyone above this group? If you're like, okay, tell me about Caleb Williams, tell me about Kyler Murray. You're going to have people talk about traits. You're going to hear about the arm strength, you're going to hear about their escapability, all these things. Ask me about one of these guys you're going to hear about. He's a winner. He's got moxie. He just finds a way, like, no traits. It's all just, well, they win games and so they win games. The games are winning. So that must be happening for them. And it's like at some point you kind of have to admit what they are. You can win with these guys. We just saw the Seahawks win with Darnold. We saw the Broncos almost make the super bowl with Knicks. They probably would have if we stayed healthy. But I don't think you're winning because of these guys. And importantly, we all know this. You can definitely lose because of these guys. And that's the separation here. Look, you can lose because every quarterback, because you can make a mistake. But at some point. This used to be the, the game managers tier for me. This was like the Ryan Tannehill section. He was like a classic number 20 quarterback for me. I think we've elevated quarterback play above game managers now, but still, when you get to the big game, these dudes leave me cold. And I don't really know what order to put them in. To be totally honest, I could argue just about any order here. But at the big moments, they leave me doubting. And I think if we're being honest when we watch, I think they leave their coaches doubting too. The coaches still treat them like the training wheels are on. And so I don't love the options here. You can get far with them and look, you can win the Super Bowl. We just saw it happen last year. But they're not the guys I get excited about. That's kind of where I'm at on Darnold. It's where I'm at on Goff. If I had to pick one guy in this group to not be in the group to get out of it. And look, that's kind of where Purdy was. Purdy has leapt out of this group for me. Maybe Bo Nicks, I think Knicks because he can make plays with his legs, because he can scramble around and he gives you a little more upside. He gives you a little shot to do something. And look, last year he was second in the league in big time throws. He was top three in pff grade on deep throws and throws a ton of them. And now you go get Jalen Waddle. That's the dude this team has lacked. Bonix has my attention a little bit and this is not a guy I've ever been in on before, but I think he's the one guy that could jump up out of this group without question. You mentioned it. Geno might be just like sneaking his way into here. Look, last year was awful for him. The numbers are terrible. It might just be over for him. It might have never really been under for him. He has been a.500 starter in four of his six years. Last year the line was terrible. The coaching was bad. Maybe this is going to be that again this year and it's just going to make me look bad. But I think if you took Gino and put him into one of these other three situations, I still think you could get a comparable result. Maybe he's just washed at 35, but I would if I were in NF, if I were the Lions, if I were the Broncos and let's say Sam Darnold, let's say Jared Goff, Terry's an acl, is out for the year. I would be willing to trade for Geno and salvage my season and feel like I can still get a similar result. At the end of the day, I had Geno here. I dropped him to like 26 and was like, nah, man, he was so bad last year. And I'm taking courage, I'm putting him here in the group. I still think he might have another year or two to belong here, but these guys, they're not that exciting to talk about.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Courage, man, is one thing like the fact that you have Geno Smith not in the bottom five of quarterbacks. I'm just shocked and I think I wish him well. I hope he has a good season in, in New York. But yeah, I, I, I at 21, I, I'd be more surprised if he throws less than 21 interceptions this year that, you know, at this point. So, all right, so 18 you had Jared Goff, 19, Sam Darnold, Bo Nix at 20, Geno Smith at 21. Now we're in Tier 7 where we kind of. The jury is still out because These are number one pick wild cards. At number 22, you have Fernando Mendoza with the Raiders. And number 23, you have Cam Ward. Now, we're probably going to see Mendoza at some point this year. I know you're probably not as out on Kirk Cousins maybe as some other people, but eventually I think Mendoza is going to take the reins here during the season. But what we saw of Cam Ward last year, it wasn't great. I mean, it was really bad across the board for the Titans. So is this ranking more like a projection?
[00:02 - 00:03] Speaker A: Yeah, for sure. Is everything about this tier is projection? Because we just don't know. Like actually, you know, Kirk would be in that last tier of guys pretty obviously. That's kind of where he would belong and that's who he's going to start the season with. I could see Kirk in the Kubiak system actually being a really strong fit there. I think Mendoza will be eventually with Cam Ward. We didn't get that system. It was, it was really a lost year. He had no blocking, he had no run game, very little. He had no receivers there. The coaches get fired in the middle. It kind of reminded me of Trevor Lawrence's rookie year. You get the number one pick and then you get Urban Meyer and it just is this disaster. And I'm sort of treating this year coming like Cam Ward's rookie year. I think he just didn't have a rookie year. I think he had a lost year. He was dead last in epa, dead last in success rate. Led the league in sacks with 55. He was third to last in PFF grade, ahead of only two Browns, which I think at that point you're just last also. So it's all really bad. Here's the stat that you need to know for this tier, though. Since 2015, that's Jameis Winston, number one pick. Number one pick. Quarterbacks as a rookie average 3.3 wins. Sophomore year, they average 8.6 wins. So whatever hype, we think, look, there's a reason you picked number one. Your team's probably not good enough. That's what we saw with the Ward last year. History says he's going to get better this year. He's going to win more games. History also says maybe not yet for Mendoza. I told you before we did the podcast, put me in right now for the 2027 Raiders. I'm going to be in on that team next year. I think I sort of maybe have to think about being in on the Titans this year. Unless Ward is actually just kind of rookie a second time again.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Okay, so 22, Fernando Mendoza, 23, Cam Ward. Now we are in tier eight. We call this one we just don't know yet. And at 24, we have Tyler Schuck with the New Orleans Saints, 25, Jackson Dart with the New York Giants, and number 26, the man with the raw deal, who I think is just going to have horrible season, and that is Malik Willis with the Miami Dolphins. So I don't really want to talk too much about Malik Willis and the Dolphins scenario because I just don't. I'm just not high on it. I don't think there really is much to discuss, but I think there is stuff about Tyler Schuck and Jackson Dart, because depending on who you speak to and what rankings you look at, like, I've seen Tyler Schuck as high as 12, you know, in some rankings here. So let's just start off. Why do you have Tyler Schuck over, say, Jackson Dart? And how do you have hope for either of them, really?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker A: Yeah, I think some hope, but moderate hope. We just need to see. And look, I'd rather have a little tiny bit of hope with this group than the remaining options below. That's the point of the rankings. We'll get to those guys in a second. So shot goes five and four. A lot of the metrics, he's kind of like fringe top 20. That's really good for a second round rookie. That's a really good outcome for a team that. Look, I had them last. Last year. I ranked Tyler Schuck below the Browns last year. That's how bad we thought it was going to go. It didn't go that bad. But those five wins were against the Jets. The Titans twice against the Panthers and the Bucks. Not exactly really lighting it up against these great defenses. He still was 25. Pressure to sac rate. That is not good. And he's still a dude with a ton of injury history. And he's already like 45 years old because he came into the league as a rookie super old. So that limits the upside in the development curve. It was pretty good. It was much better than I thought, to be honest. But it was for nine games, and it was for nine games that came against kind of nobody, and after everyone had already written off the Saints, maybe including some of their opponents. So I think maybe he could be like, 20th on this list. Maybe I'm a little bit low here. I'm willing to be wrong on Chuck. I need to see more than nine games. I would rather prefer the upside of Jackson Dart. He's more of a home run hitter, a little bit of, like, faint Caleb Williams, the way I talked about him here, I. E. I need more vegetables from Jackson Dart, and I could use a few less concussion checks, too, if we're being honest. I think four already last year. He's got to take care of himself, but I like the playmaking with his legs. I like the deep ball, but he's inviting these big hits. He's inviting the pressure as well. And so I think with Dart, what I do like a little bit, if I'm in on the Giants, I'm not positive that if he does get hurt, that it's a downgrade. Jameis is a pretty good backup and another home run hitter there. So maybe that's the upside here again, at this stage of our quarterback rankings, our draft, I'd rather have a shot at some upside because hit me with the next five names, it gets ugly from here.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Well, the one part of upside, at least I think of Tyler Schuck is kind of what I think people thinking of upside for Jackson Dart, because there is that rushing ability from Tyler Schuck, especially near the goal line, to the point where the Saints didn't even bring Taysom Hill back anymore. They're just saying, nope, we've got that to that point. And then Jackson Dart, like you said, I think I'm done with the replays of the blue medical tent at this point with him in this stage. All right, so we're now in the bowels of quarterback play here. This one is called Tier 9. Unfortunately, the last one was said that we don't know yet. Unfortunately, we probably do know about this tier, and we'll start at number 27. Bryce Young, number 28 Daniel Jones, 29th to a tag of Ioloa 30th Aaron Rodgers and 31st Jacoby% Brandon. I got to tell you, this tier is pretty bleak. I'm looking at this. I don't see a lot of upside here in this group to the point where now Aaron Rodgers is behind Bryce Young and Tua Tagovailoa. So tell me what, what we're thinking here.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker A: Yeah. Where we're thinking about the draft next year. If I have one of these guys at quarterback, that's what we're thinking. Rogers, last year I had him in that kind of game managers group. He's not even that anymore. He's allergic to pressure. Now the mistakes are there and the upside is long gone. So now if the bad is there too, I just, I don't know what we're doing. How we got back to we finally got rid of Tomlin Steelers and now we're stuck in Roger Steelers version. Bryce Young, top of the group here. It's like the perfect compliment to give Bryce Young. With him it's all about don't confuse improved with good. Clearly very improved. He still is improving each year. He, he, he played pretty well in a playoff game for the Carolina Panthers. We just saw that happen. I think Bryce Young is the 27th best quarterback in the NFL now. I think he's proven that he can be among the worst starters as a quarterback in the NFL. I just don't really care. I don't really find that valuable. Like he's just good enough to get you to not get a good draft pick, to get a real quarterback. And you don't really want Bryce Young. You really want a real quarterback. TUA stinks. I think TUA might just be a wash, but with him, the reason I end up sliding him ahead of Rogers. At least you get TUA and Penix. I don't really like either guy, but if they're like both the 40th best quarterback, I don't know, maybe one of them gets hot. Maybe one of them finds the right rhythm in that offense there. So I get two cracks at the apple. But I don't know, I don't know if I want any of the cracks from these guys.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Well, I mean last year though, like you had Sam Darnold at 28th, goes on to win the super bowl with the Seahawks in this tier. It's kind of showing a trend here that there could be a guy that could emerge, maybe even just semi competent. Right. Like three years ago you had Baker in this Spot Geno Smith. But like, but what I'm getting at here is is there a guy in this group that maybe could get out of the toilet here? You know what I mean? Get back into the good graces. Like. Like if I had to choose, it probably would be Daniel Jones. But who would you pick out of that five?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker A: Yeah, I think Daniel Jones probably is the answer. I think Kyler is an option, but probably hasn't fallen far enough yet. I think Kirk could be an option if he ends up hot at the start of the year and they're like, man, we got to keep winning. We can't play the rookie yet to. I don't know. I mean the dude was at the top of a great offense like a couple of years ago. Maybe. Maybe Bryce takes another step, like 17 more steps. Maybe Jamis, if he gets another shot here, he could be an intriguing guy. I think it's probably Daniel Jones among the options this year. Seven and one star last year, but then one and four after that. He still had a lot of mistakes. I know there was a lot of Daniel Jones hype, but he ended up outside the top 20 PFF grade. He had the second highest pace of turnover worthy plays. I still don't really believe the upside. As good as the Colts offense was, it wasn't because of Daniel Jones. And now he's got the torn Achilles and all the reports at a training camp are glowing and it's all great. We're not going to see him in the preseason so I don't get to find out if it's actually good or if you're just telling me it's good. And I do know we just saw Rogers and Cousins, older guys, admittedly not do so hot coming off that torn Achilles and the injury risk, plus the Daniel Jones of it all, I just can't get there. So maybe this is unfairly low if you want to put him in that like Bo Nix, Jared Goff, group above, I get it. If he was healthy, I think I would have had to begrudgingly put him up there. But add in the Achilles too and just like, yeah, I just, I don't need it.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: All right.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Last and certainly least, it might as well be you or I a quarterback for the Browns scenario here. DeSean Watson, Dylan Gabriel, Shadur Sanders, whoever you want to pencil in there. I'll be honest, I don't really want to talk too much about that situation. I think it's not worth our time. How about yourself?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker A: Yeah, it's bad. Like it looks like Watson's going to win the job. He was last good in 2020. That's the COVID year and he was good going 4 and 12 and he's still beating out the other guys. That's what you need to know about the Browns this year.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Yeah, forget about the bottom. Let's go back to the top because I want to recap the top 10 and just see if there's any key takeaways we can get from this. So let's go through it again. Number one, you had Josh Allen. Number two, Patrick Mahomes. Number three, Joe Burrow. Number four, Lamar Jackson. Number five, Jordan Love. Number six, Drake May. Number seven, Dak Prescott. Number eight, Matthew Stafford. Number nine, Justin Herbert. And to round out the top ten, you have Brock Purdy. First glance on this, Brandon, A lot of AFC love in this.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker A: Yeah, five of the top six quarterbacks still in the afc. So I'm hearing a lot of talk about, man, the AFC is wide open. Are we sure? Are we sure the AFC is wide open? Because quarterbacks still win a lot of stuff and half of the conference is 20th or lower also. So if you're one of those half of the conference teams that doesn't have the quarterback, like, it's an uphill battle because you probably got to beat two or three of these top guys just to get to the Super Bowl. So I think still, as we think about futures, no bets yet on that. But beware the AFC sleeper. You might have to beat some really good quarterbacks in order to get there. And the best guys are still out in the AFC for me.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: And any the one thing, I was just going to say the AFC South, a lot of quarterback play in that division can be a little unpredictable. I mean, the highest rated quarterback you had out of that group was Trevor Lawrence, I believe at 11th. And we didn't really talk much about him because there's just not really much else to say at this point. So is it kind of wide open for you in the AFC South?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker A: Yeah, I think so. Of all the divisions, that's the one where just from a quarterback perspective, it's like, man, I could really, if we get to the end of the season and you said, here's the order, the quarterbacks ranked from the season, you could tell me those four, I think in honestly any order and I'd be like, like, huh? All right. Yeah. Wow. I can't believe it. But sure, I guess we got there. Like, so I have Lawrence 11, Stroud 16, Ward 23 and Jones 28. And if we're being fair, based on last season. Ward 28, Jones 23 would be more fair there. But all, all four of those guys could be off in like five spots either direction. Lawrence I like best, that's why he's the highest. But we don't know much about this group yet. And so I think think you know that they have seen NFC south have been the divisions for years where it's like, well, we talk a lot about them because somebody has to come out of it. Those quarterbacks I think is what makes this division so unpredictable this year.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: You know how we know NFL is back? Brandon we just closed a show talking about the AFC South. Just put that in context like quarterbacks that probably you don't feel great about winning a Super bowl at all. So that is the NFL quarterback rankings for the 2026 season from Brandon Anderson. That'll do it for today's episode of the Action Network podc. I want to thank you for tuning in and you're going to be hearing a lot from us over the next couple of weeks. Brandon and I are going to go through NFL rankings for all phases of the game, skill groups, coaching staffs, offensive lines and more. So don't forget to leave us that five star rating and review wherever you listen to the podcast. And make sure to download the free award winning Action Network app. You could save $20 on an annual pro account by using pod20@actionnetwork.com pro so for Brandon and Anderson, I'm Gilles Gallant. Thank you for listening to the Action Network podcast. Bone Shows.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker A: Action Network reminds you, please gamble responsibly. If you or someone you care about
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: has a gambling problem, help is available 247 at 1-800-GAMBLER.
