[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: This is an iHeart podcast. Guaranteed Human.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: This episode sponsored by Apollo. Still moving deals forward from your desk. With Apollo, you can go to market on the go, find leads, research accounts and launch outreach right Inside Claude and ChatGPT. You can even make calls or research leads from Gmail, your CRM or company websites. So whether you're at the airport or on a coffee run, Apollo works where you work. No more switching tabs or devices. Grow boldly with Apollo, the revenue engine trusted by over 3 million teams. Visit Apollo IO anywhere and start free today. That's Apollo IO anywhere.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Welcome everybody to the Betting Pros podcast. I'm your host Matt Modi, joined by Joe Madden and Andrew Erickson. Today we're talking about NFL preseason week two. Every bet worth making this week we're going to get into everything but the first thing we got to do is give a big shout out to Joe for the clean sweep on Thursday night. A nice three and oh Joe, are you a little bit nervous following up that performance for week two?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely. Like how do you go three and oh in week number one and then have confidence going into week number two of preseason because we know how erratic some of these games can be. But I really like the bets that I have, the three best bets. So we'll see. Erickson, I know you did great too.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: Yeah, not as good on Thursday night. Feeling a little bit shaky after my Texans bet got lit up in flames by the Los Angeles Chargers. But we rebounded. The Rams, or a team that rose above the fading andy Reid Week 1 of the preseason ended up prevailing. The Rams. When did the Rams ended up winning outright as two and a half point underdogs. And in honesty, it was a mistake I made with the Houston Texans bet was they were a slight home favorite and, and we had talked about last week and in the week before about you really want to bet on some of these small road underdogs like that is where there is a lot of advantage and edge and I faded that narrative and went with d' Ameco Ryan's coaching track record and that's why I lost. So again was happy that we rebounded. Got the player prop with Drew Aller also going over his passing yardage. So diving deep into Mike McCarthy's preseason usage of his quarterbacks ended up paying off. So off. All in all, six and three combined record looking to run it back.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah, it's always nice when the, when the research pays off and yeah, I mean losing the sgp, you know, you guys went three to three and one on Your main ones. I think that that's what we'll, we'll market for this one. But yeah. So week two of the preseason and I think dramatically different from week one, this is like the new week preseason week three of when we were growing up where there was four preseason games, now there are only three. So this is dress rehearsal week. So teams play their starters. If they're going to, they'll play the most this week. So it's going to be a lot different from last week. So I'm just curious and Erickson, we'll start with you like in terms of your strategy from last week to, to this week. What were you looking at starting with week two for the preseason this week?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: So I'm not reading too much more into the dress rehearsal. I know that we're just going to get see more teams playing some of their starters and that's obviously the biggest thing that moves most of these lines is okay, this team is playing their starters, they should be favored by more points versus this other team that's not playing their starters. So that's why you get some of these larger spreads. So I don't think there's a lot of change there. For me, the biggest thing that I'm looking at, especially when we head into week two and this is a trend that I talked about with Welsh a couple weeks ago when we were just outlining preseason betting, is these teams coming off these massive blowout victories and vice versa, teams are got destroyed in week one of the preseason. This is where you see overreactions and under reactions sometimes to these types of games. I know last week I talked about how week one was really good for unders. And if you look at what happened in week 1115 towards the under and I think that it was heavily correlated to the fact that the hall of Fame game was so high scoring and that everyone was thinking, great, football's back, we got points. And the Cardinals game, that was a game that was high scoring. But most of the other games actually fell under the total. So I'm expecting that not necessarily to carry over because you're going to see some suppressed lines because of the under hitting more last week. But going back to my Original point so 20 point preseason wins the following week, those teams 23, 7 straight up, 1710 and 2 against the spread. So although it seems like common wisdom would be to fade the teams that okay, they're coming off a big win or over inflating them, these teams just continue to steamroll basically is kind of what actually ends up happening, then you also get some value sometimes on teams that coming off big losses. So those are a couple of things that I looked at with some of my best bets. But that's really what of my main takeaways entering week two, which is obviously different from week one, where everyone kind of has a clean slate entering the first week of the preseason.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Sure. Yeah. And I think that. I think that some teams just take the preseason more seriously than others. So I think that's part of the, like, you blow out one week, might still equate to a blowout the next week, like you said. Joe, what about you? What were you of thinking about heading into this week versus last week?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Yeah, well, listening to Erickson, all I wanted to say was ditto, because he covered all of those points there. One thing he didn't cover, though, is his joint practices. That's something I've really been looking at if these teams are having joint practices and how much of their starters will get those reps in those joint practices and not here in these games. And there's a couple of teams that are saying that, you know, we listen to those coaches and they're saying, okay, when it's an environment that's controlled, this is where our starters are going to get the reps. They're going to have very little time out there on the field for that actual game. So you have to know what those coaches are planning to do. And sometimes it's a little bit of mind reading, but you can really dig into those reports from the beat writers and get some information. And then I also think when you're looking at these games, not to overreact from what we saw last week, everyone's talking about Drew Aller, and I love what he was able to do there for the Pittsburgh Steelers, but you've also got to look at him coming up against vanilla offense, defense or defenses out there. So what are we going to see out of him this week? Yes, he joined the conversation. He's definitely someone we should talk about. But I'm excited to see those kind of players this week here in week two, what we'll get out of them. And yeah, so not overreacting. Look at those joint practices, listen to the coaches. And that's where I'm taking my bets from.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Sure, we'll overreact to the blowouts. And to give Erickson credit, he did mention the joint practices when he was talking about last week. So the only really trend that I noticed, and this was actually, it's kind of funny, so last week, one of the things I mentioned that Underdogs price within 3 points had a pretty high cover rate. That's actually even more of the case heading into the second preseason game. It's like 65% of underdogs three points and below cover that spread. And it's funny because they lose for 58% of the time. So it's, it's kind of random that they cover that like field goal spread. But that's really the only trend that I saw. But yeah, I mean the thing with trends doesn't mean they just blindly take it. It just means they're like, hey, here's some spots to look out for. Obviously don't take every single preseason game, bet responsibly, all that stuff, especially for the preseason. So we'll get into our game picks where you guys, like I said, some big shoes to fill from last week. But before we do, I want to talk to you about Pick Sheet. Today's podcast is sponsored by Picksheet.com the best way to run your NFL sports pools. Whether you're running a survivor pool, pick them confidence pool squares or our new touchdown calls contest, Pick Sheet makes it incredibly easy. It has a clean, intuitive interface. No annoying ads, no pop ups, no gambling promotions. One of my favorite features is the built in payment tracker lets commissioners keep track of who has paid, who still owes money. Payment history balances across multiple pools all in one place. We all have that league member who you keep having the hound for money. This one makes this picture makes it easy. That's one of the reasons Fantasy Pros chose picksheet.com to host both of our touchdown calls contest and our Survivor pool for our audience this season. More on both of those pools to come. But we're excited to partner with Pick Sheet this year to provide a great contest experience for everyone. So if you are a pool commissioner or you've been thinking about starting one this year, go check them out. That's picksheet.com spelled P I K S H E E T.com and when you're ready to create your own pool, use the promo code FP2026 to receive 35% off your pool hosting fees. Fees Again, pick sheet.comp I k s H-E-E-T.com and use the promo code FP2026 for 35% off your pool hosting fees. So now we will talk about the game bets and Joe, you know I started with you last week. I was planning on switching it up, but since you swept the board, we'll Go ahead and start with you again this week. What do you have for your first play for the preseason? Week two.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Yeah, let's not change anything out there. Same format here for sure. I'm going with the first half bet and it's for the Houston Texans and I don't want people to overreact with what we saw versus the LA Chargers because I know the Chargers came out nice and strong and we're able to put those points up on the board versus them. But 17 of those 27 points came in the second half. When we look at the Houston Texans in the first half of that game, their defense was able to hold the Chargers to 10 points. And when we look at the Las Vegas Raiders, the Vegas Raiders in that last game, well they in the first half versus Arizona allowed 21 points. Now I know Arizona had another game under their belt with that hall of Fame game, but I'm expecting the defense here of the Raiders to be a step behind of what we're going to see out of the Houston Texans defense and for the defense to come out nice and strong. Now everyone's talking about Mendoza and how brilliant he did. And I give it to him. He went 97 yards, a touchdown, 10 of 16. But when the Cardinals put that pressure on him, that's where he absolutely struggled. And we know Dimiko Ryan is going to bring that pressure on him in this game. So look for the pressure out of the Houston Texans. Look for CJ Stroud to come out for a couple of drives here for the Texans as well as Davis Mills. Davis Mills is a veteran. While they might not get that many points on the board the first half, we got a spread of one and a half for the full game. The first half spread or money line, whatever they come out with on the books because some of them don't have it posted right now. I'll be comfortable playing Erickson.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: You ready to forgive and forget the Texans after last week?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: Yes, yes I am ready again. I am too hurt from them last week losing that bet them on my best bets. But if Joe is now co signing this thing, I'm all aboard.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: I love it. I love it. All right, what do you got?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: So I'm going to the first trend I mentioned before talking about teams coming off these massive blow up victories. I'm going with the Chicago Bears on the money line against the Cincinnati Bengals. They are on the road. The line itself I think that I saw the Bears were like slight favorites. Although the line is going to be kind of flip flopping on whether they're going to be underdogs or favorites by the time this line actually closes. I think that we might see more money pouring on the Bengals at some point when there's more. Okay, yeah, Joe Burrow is going to start this game. That's already been pretty clear with what Zach Taylor has talked about in previous weeks. We want to get our starters in more reps. They did that last week and they barely beat the Lions. So like that, like that was what in the lines were one team that was not playing any of their main players. So even though Zach Taylor has been more open to starting their starters for a handful of snaps, Joe Burrow played 13 snaps last week. Zach Taylor is still one of the worst coaches in the preseason. 5 and 14 straight up, 3 and 13 against the spread, one of the worst marks in the league. Whereas Ben Johnson since becoming head coach of The Chicago bears 3, 0 and 1 straight up to open his head career in the preseason. The Browns played their starters last week. They still lost 34 to 10. It did not matter any way, shape or form. So I am buying the momentum of the Chicago Bears team. Ben Johnson, he has a vendetta against seemingly every other NFL team and coach and he just wants to score a billion points no matter what players he has out there. And the fact that you're not going to get Caleb Williams, but you get Bin, you get Case Keenum, those guys are pros, right? They know what they're doing. They're not these journeymen, rookie quarterbacks, undrafted players. So I feel good about both of those guys, whether they play for halves or whatever to get the Bears to get the win here against the Cincinnati Bengals. So we'll see where the line ends up settling here. And I also think too, this is another matchup where these teams will have joint practices. So if it is a tighter scoring game, less points, I do like leaning towards the team with some momentum on their side from last week.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah, sure. And the last I saw was the Bears at minus one and a half. So like you said, these things, preseason lines, they can flip. There's not getting a ton of action in one big bet can change them. But yeah, Ben Johnson wants to set the record for points in the regular season. Let's hope he sets it in the preseason as well. Getting warmed up. Yeah, exactly. All right, Joe, what do you have for your next one?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Okay, for my next one, I'm looking at an under. It's the Bills versus the Browns and I don't like the over in this one. The under 36 and a half with these two teams holding joint practices is the only way I can go because you've had Todd Monken come out and say we are going to get our starters, those reps in that controlled environment and we're not sure if they're going to hit the field for the actual game. So with that, even if the starters do come out, if they don't feel like they work through everything they want to do in the joint practice, you're going to see them for limited drives out there. And this is exactly where I want to go with a Bills Brown game in preseason for the 36 and a half because I don't think we're going to see Josh Allen out there and those question marks around the quarterback role here for the Browns. And I find this really interesting because Shador Sanders has already been listed as the starting quarterback for this game. So is Monken coming out and fully saying that Watson is our starting quarterback? Because we know they've had that controversy on who's going to get that role. It's really looking that way for Watson, but Chador will come out with a chip on his shoulder. But with what we saw out of him last week in preseason, I just don't know how much he can get done. And I also think we'll see a lot out of Dylan Gabriel as well. So this one has to be a lower scoring one for me. Even if Josh Allen does somehow make the field for this game, he could come out, get a touchdown on the board and I still think we stay under the 36 and a half.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah, I'm not sure Shador with a chip on his shoulder is going to lead to that many points anyway.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: So I am with you there. Yeah.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: One, one trend that I found interesting is that historically week two of the preseason trends high in terms of scoring, but the books have now adjusted their totals that are also now higher. So I think we're going to see that flip towards the under. So yeah, I. I like that one. I think Erickson, you got another under that you want to talk about.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: Yes. It makes me so happy to see so many unders on the sheet as the undertaker. So love to see it. So I'm going to the Saints and Rams. Rams have treated me well last week. So we're going to go back to Shama squad here. But not to win or cover does not score points under 38 and a half. Going back to the joint practice trend. So actually last week the official tally on the joint practices was five of the seven teams that participated in joint practices. The game went under. Now we also had more unders in general, so there is a little bit of noise to it where it's like maybe it wasn't as predictive as it was just kind of like descriptive. Okay, well there were more unders and we also got more unders because there were joint practices. Still, I think that intuitively speaking, it makes sense that when you have joint practices, you're less likely to be amped up for the actual games and that's going to lead to less points. We look at the Saints, they were one of the teams last week that did have a joint practice but actually went over the game total. So I think that kind of stands out to me as like something that could potentially regress where if they have all these joint practices, I don't think it means they're going to score so many points. And there's a really interesting squad scheduling quirk with the Saints where they have two joint practices this week against two different teams. So they have one with Dallas that they had today on the 18th, and then they have another one with the Rams, who the team that they're actually facing on the 20th. So two padded joint sessions in the same week leading up to a game with a Saints team that just lost one of their star rookie wide receivers to an injury. I don't think they're going to mess around here. So I think that they're going to kind of throw in the towel and be like, we got all of our reps and we got all of our starters exactly what we wanted to see with our double joint practices. We know the Rams usually don't care that much about preseason anyway, so I like the Rams in this spot, but overall I just like the under 38 and a half to because it is over that 37 number threshold as well. So it's a key number and I like chasing this type of trend with the practices.
[00:00 - 00:01] Speaker E: I'm Mangisha together and I'm back with a new season of the podcast Skyline Drive. This time I'm diving into a rabbit hole of peptides, organoids, blood boys, blue zones and brain replacement to try to understand what this longevity obsession is all about and what it really means to live forever for all of us. I learned about some rad science.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: I can make a brain for you and then we can test what drug is the best for your brain as opposed to his brain.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Here are some hard truths.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: I would expect Indians to age faster,
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: but I did not expect it to be almost a four to five year
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: acceleration and get myself into a world of trouble.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: I'd say probably start bone smashing.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: That doesn't work.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: To make it look more defined. They say it works. I don't know.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Listen to Skyline Drive, how to live Forever on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: Hey, this is Hayes Davenport and Sean Clements. We host the podcast Hollywood Handbook on the Big Money Players Network.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: Our show is extremely accessible to first time listeners. Each week we talk to someone in show business, AKA the biz, and try to help them with their careers and see what they have to offer us. Everyone has a good time and no one gets mad at their publicist for letting them do our show.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: We've had a lot of great guests like Sarah Sherman. Not that great, actually.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Can you help me? Can you help me shape this? How about we flip it on his head?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Okay.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: How about we flip the script?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Okay.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: What if the surprise woman who actually you think is the straight man is
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: actually the one who's acting.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Acting weird?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Adam Scott, this entire time you've been expecting Adam Sandler to come to visit the show?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: I. I would never let go of that.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: I have.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: I would never set expectations for something like that. If the universe allows for something like that to happen, I'm open to it. I'm always going to accept, you know, Danny McBride. Fine.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Yeah.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: It's all this fragile masculinity exuding. I could smell it walking down the hallway, to be honest with you. I was like. I was like, is that weed? Nope.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: It's fragile masculinity. Yeah. Ben Stiller.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: No, because a lot of times in out of context, people don't get it or even know what a circle is. You know what I mean? Like, they're like, oh, what's the statement?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: Everyone's soaked up fake.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: Right?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Fake.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: And.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: And also not interested. Or just like, oh, I've got my life.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: I don't care about your life. And a lot of other big shots that wouldn't be where they are without us.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: Oh, and by the way, Will Ferrell told us personally he loves the show and he wants to be a guest on every episode, but he's just so busy.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker F: Listen to Hollywood handbook on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah, I like it. And we'll keep the undertrend going. Joe, what do you got next?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: I'm gonna go with the jets and the Steelers taking this one under the 39 and a half. And I know a lot of people are gonna overreact. To what we saw with the Steelers versus the Green Bay packers with how many points they were going to be able to put up. But I don't think we see those points coming into this game. Looking at this, we know for the Jets, Geno Smith's dealing with that high ankle sprain. And that leaves Club Nick, Brady, Cook and Zappy for your quarterback depth. And this is a Jets team that was only able to score 16 points last week in that loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. As for Pittsburgh, we're not going to see Aaron Rodgers out there on the field. They're saying no DK Metcalf, no Pittman Jr. So. So we'll see Drew Aller, we'll see Mason Rudolph, probably and Will Howard. Now, these are three guys that are all fighting for a quarterback role. Right. We're not going to have all three of them, I don't think, for the Pittsburgh Steelers. So we'll see who's able to make it. One of these quarterbacks will have some good performances, but I can't trust the jets to come out here and put up their share of the points when we got a total of 39 and a half. I'm looking for both of these teams to get back to that mindset of run the ball. You look at Drew Aller and what he was able to do versus the vanilla defense last week. Yes. He went 153 yards. He had two passing touchdowns and a rushing touchdown. I will be blown away if he's able to reproduce that here in Week 2 for the jets and I think. Or for the Steelers versus the jets and I think that's why our total sitting at 39 and a half. Everyone's overreacting to what we saw in week one. Take it to the under. 39 and a half.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah, I like it. And 39 and a half is a. Is a big number for a preseason game. Only two games have a higher number than that. They're like two at forty and a half. So it's even a point. Only one point higher. So, Erickson, you in on another under?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Yes. Especially when it's over that 37. I am pounding the unders. Sure.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah. Now we're getting to a dog that you like for your last one.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Yeah. This is the ugly dog of the week. It has to be because this is the team that everybody is just pouring and ripping to shreds. It's the Atlanta Falcons going on the road against Indianapolis Colts. This line is actually moved already. Again, both these teams are not starting their starters and yet we're seeing money and action pour in on the Indianapolis Colts because everybody just wants to fade the Falcons and how horrible they looked against a pretty stout Denver Broncos defense. Tuo was pressured on all five of his drop backs and when he completed a pass, it was for 3 yards. No downfield shots really from him. So he's not going to play in this game. You're going to see the backups from both sides. And that's why I just see value in the Falcons catching this many points, moving from two and a half to now four and a half. They're not playing the starters. Great starters were horrible last week, so don't have them play fine. If you look at Shane Steichen as a coach in the preseason with the Colts, so he's five, four and one straight up, but he's only two, three and one against the spread. So he's a coach that wins these preseason games sometimes. Now he tied the Patriots in week one, but he doesn't really cover a lot of these numbers, especially when now you're looking at more than a field goal that they have to win by for the Colts to cover. That concerns me about. Okay, is Indy going to cover this number? Which is why I like the Falcons. Pointing back to the Falcons and we should have brought this up last week and I apologize for not doing it. But.213 one straight up, one in 15 gets put. In their last 16 home preseason games, the Falcons were basically just print fest to bet against. So I wish I had talked about that more. I did like the Broncos. A decent chunk of Sean Payton has also been pretty good in the preseason. So I'm trying to see is there more of aggression here with the Atlanta Falcons. Now they're playing on the road here. You shouldn't be betting on the Falcons at home anyway. So because they're not in Atlanta, that's actually a good thing. And then this is per visen. So the trend about teams after they get smoked going on the road, they've actually performed very, very well. 61 of 43 against the spread. That's 59%. Last year those teams went 5 and 1 against the spread. So you're basically just buying the dip on a team where you can see the hate out there. You can't turn on any type of network where the Falcons, what are they doing? Who should the quarterback be? Should it be Michael Pettit? Like all this nonsense when it's moving the line and that's where I see a lot of value. So give me the Falcons catching four And a half points underdogs. The actual better trend with the joint practices was underdogs covered in six of seven joint practice involved games in week one. 86 hit rate five underdogs that participated in joint practices, one outright. So although we went into it expecting joint practices to increase the unders, the result was more offsets.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Just take the dogs. Yeah. And as long as we don't get a meme out of this one, I think that's a win for the Falcons. And if they can. Yeah, if they could just keep it within a field, go. That's also good. Joe, just curious, did you look at this one at all? Any thoughts on the Falcons?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: I didn't dig deep into this one, but with everything Ericson is saying, it feels like they're probably going to win this by a touchdown and everyone's going to be sitting there going, you know, how did we take the Colts? What trap did we fall for? Especially with that line moving so much. So I think it definitely is an overreaction to what we saw last week and without to coming out here. Maybe this team actually has a little bit more success in this preseason game and I won't be shocked if they're able to win it if Erickson's on it. I don't know. I think I'm gonna tail. I'm gonna tail. Should we up that line? Lay two and a half. They win by a field goal.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Maybe take them minus two and a half. Let's get a little crazy.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Let's go.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Well, that felt like 6, 0. I don't know about you guys, but that felt like 6, 0. The good news is we can still go 7 and 8.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: No.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: With our prop bets. Erickson, you cashed yours last week. Drew Aller, over 74 and a half receiving yards. Let's start with you on this one. Although you're taking it under for this week.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Yes. I am not chasing the hype from Girower last week, which I think he hit it on like one play. He had like one.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: And that was something I was reading about him at Camp Reports where this dude is just like chucking the ball down the field. So I'm just fingers crossed that he connects on one. Not the case here. I'm going with an under. Justin Herbert, under 26 and a half passing yards. Jim Harbaugh has already told reporters that the team starters are going to take part in the preseason game on Thursday night. But the plan for Herbert and the other main starters is to play one series before heading back to the bench this is what they did last year as well in 2025, which was actually one of Justin Herbert's first times playing in the preseason because of the COVID and all that type of stuff going on during the preseason. So he did hit the over in 2025 on this number at 26 and a half passing yards. But I'm just looking at the optics of this situation, and there's going to be no Sean Slater. Right. Harbaugh has been talking about him coming back to practice this weekend. So considering the game's on Thursday, this guy's not playing. So for me, it's, am I going to have my franchise quarterback who was the most hit quarterback in the NFL last year, taking snaps, drop backs without our star tackle? Not a chance. There is no way. It is Justin Herbert. Hand the ball off three times and we're going to punt and we're going to get you out of there because we already saw the Chargers lose an offensive lineman today. Tyler Bates, one of their centers, he was carted off the field. Quinton Johnson's also dealing with an injury. So for me, it's, you got to be safe here. So I think that they're going to play really conservative. I think it's just going to be a handoff to Hampton, maybe get Keaton Mitchell a screen pass or something along those lines. Very, very conservative play calling. And Herbert's going to fall underneath 26 and a half passing yards.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah. After last year and already having, like you said, Slater dealing with the soreness from his knee from last year, Bish already getting hurt. Yeah. You just, like you said, give the to Hampton three times. Get out of there. Survive in advance live to see another. Another down. Joe, what do you think about that one?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: It's. It's so crushing, to be honest with you. I'm completely with you on the bat, but the Chargers are my team. And when that news came out about Baddish today, I almost came to tears. Right. It's every single season, every single season. That's our offensive line. It can never stay healthy. And you're right, they can't risk Justin Herbert getting hurt. I don't even know if he tries to throw this ball once. I think he hands it off and this is completely done, and then he's off the field. Can't risk the injury, especially with who knows who's going to be the center. I heard someone say, well, they're going to put Slater in at center. I just. I don't know. I have no clue what's going on with The Chargers. It's every single season. It just, it destroys me.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: It really is. Every year. I thought it was just a Philip Rivers thing, but nope, it is not just a Philip Rivers thing. It's a, it's a Chargers thing. And even moving to LA doesn't. You can't fix bad juju, whatever it is. But anyways, for your pick, you have an over another quarterback that's needed, a bounce back year.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: What do you got?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely. I'm looking at BAKER Mayfield over 39 and a half passing yards up to 44 and a half. So the books don't have this number out yet. So I kind of gave you guys a range here. But I'm looking at Baker coming into this one. We know he didn't play last week and I think he can get this even if he has one drive out there for this team. Because you look at him, you look at everything going on with those contract disputes and yes, he doesn't want to get hurt. But in this game here versus the Kansas City Chiefs going to show a vanilla offense. I don't expect them to come out really strong. And while he's going to have some of his playmakers out of the lineup, won't be getting the start. He still has Goodwin. And we're seeing those passes to Goodwin here in training camp. And I'm looking for a couple big connections. So this could be one or two passes. We know Baker has a cannon of an arm. He could go over the 39 or 44 and a half in one pass. So I'm looking for a couple passes out of him, him being able to get it. I would expect expect him on that opening drive to throw a passing touchdown as well if you want to kind of look at that. But I think the safest way is just to look at him to go for the passing yards.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Sure, that makes sense. Erickson, you buying in on Baker for at least this game.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Baker Mayfield is going to hold nothing back when he knows the Patrick Mahomes is on the opposite side of the field. True, he's a gamer. Oklahoma Mayfield, he doesn't know what a preseason game is. He just knows how to play football. So when he's out there in between the lines, in between the numbers, he's going to be slinging it. So I'm going to be betting Baker Mayfield overs a lot this year and maybe preseason week two is where we get the party started.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah, good way to just shake off the cobwebs. Just bet him in regular season. Start with the preseason. I Like it. So.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: All right.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Well, we got one more segment, Joe, your SGP of the week. But before we get into that, I want to talk to you guys about the Betting Pros app. We're talking about all these bets that we like. Do you want to win more bets? Download the free Betting Pros app to track all your action, uncover value and make smarter bets with better information all in one place. You can get the Betting Pros app today@bettingpros.com apps. That's bettingpros.com apps. And Joe, you didn't hit it last week, but that's okay. It's an sgp. I think people, you know, those are, those are tough. But you're looking at the Broncos game in this week and what do you like?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Yeah. So in this one, I'm taking the Broncos on the money line and the under 40 and a half. So the Denver Broncos coming off that great game and their last one, they were outstanding, how they were able to move the ball, put those points up and I look here versus the Green Bay packers and I don't want to overreact too much here versus them and what they were able to show, but they're only able to put nine points up on the board. I'm not worried about them putting a lot of points here, especially at Mile High. I'm looking for the Denver Broncos defense to really control this game and for them not to start a lot of their starters out here. So I think this is going to be a lower scoring one. I think Denver is going to focus on that running game. We know they are working through a lot of different running backs in that depth chart. So look for them to run the ball, eat up the clock, be able to get the win here at home. So they're laying four and a half, five and a half on the books. If you take them just Moneyline and then you take the under 40 and a half, you're still coming out with some great plus money in this one. It's close to the plus 170 mark and if you want to flex that total because you're a little bit worried that Bo Nix is going to come out early in this one and throw a really great touchdown pass because how couldn't you be worried after you saw that pass to Cortland Sutton and sudden caught it with one hand like those some beautiful connections out there. And maybe Jordan, Jordan Love comes out a little bit strong in this one, but I'm not buying it. I think we stay under. But if you want to flex it you can still take the Denver Broncos in the money line and the under 44 and a half, and that's coming in at minus 105. So you're not laying too much juice there. And I think it's still a nice par.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah, makes sense. You're back in. Sean Payton, you're backing under in the preseason game. Erickson, you think you'll tail that one?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Is this one in? You said it's in Mile High, correct? Yeah. So, I mean, I think that this is a good spot to, to definitely back the Broncos. Right. They were another team I was strong looking at as one of my best bets, even laying the points just based on the fact that coming off the blowout win. But Sean Payton, he loves this momentum, like especially in the preseason where he's also been very, very good in week two. So he's followed up week one performances with strong week two performances. The packers, you have to kind of be so so on them. I think they said that Jordan Love might play a little bit more, but to what extent does that actually mean, okay, they're going to hand the ball off a little bit more. I know Jacobs is getting a little bit healthier, so. Yeah. And I think too that after the way that things ended for the Broncos season last year, again, selfishly, as a Patriots fan, it worked out in my favor that Bonix didn't play in that game. But, but obviously it was gut wrenching that Bonix didn't get the opportunity to play in the AFC Championship game that the Broncos hosted. I think that crowd is going to be riled up. They're going to be ready to go. And if you're a Packers player, you'll probably be like, get me out of this game. Like, like I, I, I, like, I'm done here. It's, it's loud. I can't breathe. I need the oxygen. This is a preseason game. What are we doing here? So I agree with backing the Broncos, and of course I'm going to take the under at 40 and a half points. What is it?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: What is this?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Is this a dome game? What are we doing here? 45 points in a preseason game. Easy under crazy in Mile High.
[00:01 - 00:02] Speaker C: Yeah, I used to live in Denver, that, that elevation is no joke, but. All right, guys, appreciate you for joining me. This was fun. Even though it's preseason. Hey, there's still some value to be had out there. That's true. I mean, the money counts all the same, whether it's preseason or the regular season. As long as, as long as you guys go six and three or maybe even better. Again, that's all that matters. But I appreciate everybody for tuning in. Make sure to like, comment, subscribe, all that good stuff. Check out the Betting Pros app and we will catch you next time.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker D: Thanks for listening to the Betting Pros podcast. If you love the show, the best free way to support us is by leaving a positive review on Apple Podcasts or Spotify. Follow us on X and TikTok edding pros and Instagram eddingpros NFL. Also subscribe to our YouTube channel at YouTube.com betting pros.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker F: Hey, this is Hayes Davenport and Shawn Clements. We host the podcast Hollywood Handbook.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: Each week we talk to someone in show business and try to help them with their careers and see what they have to offer us. Everyone has a good time and no one gets mad at their publicist for letting them do our show.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker F: We've had a lot of great guests like Sarah Sherman, Adam Scott, Danny McBride, Ben Stillard, and a lot of other big shots that wouldn't be where they are without us. Listen to Hollywood handbook on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: I'm Mangesha Tekodar and I'm back with a new season of my podcast Skyline Drive. This time I talk to scientists, biopunks, curmudgeons, Blue zoners, super seniors, and Goa's top cryotherapy to try to understand this obsession with living forever and what it means for all of us. And I get into a bit of trouble along the way.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: I'd say probably start bone smashing.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker A: That doesn't work to make it look more defined. They say it works. I don't know.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: Listen to Skyline Drive how to Live Forever on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker A: Our hometown is not a test tube.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker H: 90 miles northeast of Nashville, a battle for the future of America plays out in one small town.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: Developers with right wing ties have purch
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker F: just hundreds of acres of land.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker D: We need cities on a shining hill.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker H: This is Our Town. A podcast about what happens when a small town becomes the site of a social experiment and fights back.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker A: Guess you didn't move in on a
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker D: bunch of dumb hillbillies now, did you?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker H: Listen to Our town on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker A: This is an iHeart podcast. Guaranteed Human.
