[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: This is an iHeart podcast. Guaranteed Human.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: This episode sponsored by Apollo. Still moving deals forward from your desk. With Apollo, you can go to market on the go, find leads, research accounts, and launch outreach right Inside Claude and ChatGPT. You can even make calls or research leads from Gmail, your CRM or company websites. So whether you're at the airport or on a coffee run, Apollo works where you work. No more switching tabs or devices. Grow boldly with Apollo, the revenue engine trusted by over 3 million teams. Visit Apollo IO anywhere and start free today. That's Apollo IO anywhere.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the Betting Pros Podcast. This week we're talking about the NFL preseason Week one. Not quite as exciting as the regular season, but you got to start somewhere. I am your host, Matt Modi. I am Jo by Andrew Erickson and Joe Madden. Of course we're going to get to picks and all that game picks, prop bets, stuff like that. But first I kind of want to just talk about like a high level preseason betting mindset, what you guys are looking for, all that stuff. Joe, we'll start with you. When you're thinking about betting the preseason, where does your mind go to start?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Yeah, it's interesting when you look at preseason, right, you're not betting on who you think is going to be the best football team overall and can make a run for the Super Bowl. You're looking and you're trying to identify what, which coaches are motivated, which players on the depth are motivated to come out there and be able to show up and show up big. So you've got to change your whole mindset. When you're looking at preseason, it's not just who's the better team. It's a more motivated team out there.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah, agreed. Erickson. What about you?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: Yeah, I know that Welsh and I did an episode kind of recapping and previewing a lot of preseason tendencies. So I would suggest anyone that's looking to wager on these matchups, exhibition games, because that's what they are, they're exhibition games. No one's actually trying to win these contests, at least for the most part. Unless you're John Harbaugh. He likes to win a lot of these games very often. But I would go back and listen to the episode, but just kind of a TLDR version of that. You know, a lot of things that Joe echoed. I would also agree with the coaching tendencies, at least from like a statistical standpoint. The things that I look at the most are underdogs. Just because when you have A heavy favorite in a contest that no one is actually trying to win. Okay, then I think there's value on the underdogs. So underdogs traditionally have dominated in the preseason against the spread. And specifically road and small underdogs are the preferred bets because there's no home for the advantage. I mean, the crowd is going to be. The crowd is looking to leave by the third quarter. Trust me. I've been to plenty of Patriots preseason games where you're just trying to beat traffic rather than watch the third and fourth quarter. I also think that unders are also a very strong lean, especially with the trend of the hall of Fame game. We've had now five straight overs in the hall of Fame and I think that that carries over to week one of the preseason where, oh well, the hall of Fame game, that game, that game just skyrocket over there. We had Both teams score 30 points. And I think the main takeaway is, oh, we're just going to see scoring bonanzas in week one of the preseason, which tends not to be the case. So those are a couple of things that I've looked at, especially with the key number at 37 points. When it comes to the total, if there are numbers that are way higher than that, you usually want to bet the under and vice versa if it's much, much lower than 37.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah, I, I saw some similar stuff when I was looking into it. I did find it interesting in terms of like the, the short spreads that you mentioned. There are only four spreads that are above, like above three and a half. There's a couple, there's one at six and a half, there's a five and a half and a couple four and a half and then there's a couple at three and a half. Everything is pretty short. But I saw the same thing you did. Short underdogs cover inside a field goal cover 60% of the time. This is over the last like 23 years that I looked at. And another thing that I found that I'm curious what you guys think of is fading. Teams that won 12 plus games last year was like the biggest hit rate that I saw because I mean, it makes sense if you think about it. And obviously it's not, it's not 100%. You can't just look at every 12 win team and then immediately fade them. You have to look into the situation. But logically it makes sense. You know, the team won 12 games. Presumably they think that they're super bowl contender. They think that the preseason is more to just Kind of like get themselves ready for the regular season, not as necessarily caring that much about it. And they got a long four month season ahead of them. So I don't know if you guys have any thoughts on that or if you looked at anything similar, but that was kind of the biggest thing that I looked at when I was doing research on the preseason.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Yeah, I definitely look into that, especially going into week one here because they're coming out there, they're starting a lot of those depth players and you're not going to see those starters out there on the field. So they feel confident and I don't think that you really look at them to come out and come out really strong. So I think that's a nice angle.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah. And I do think overall the preseason's beatable. You know, it's not nearly as sharp, softer lines, lower volume. But I think the most important thing, don't feel like you need to bet every game. Find an Edge 3 whatever you think is good and then, and then get into it. And we have three game picks that we are going to talk about next. But before we do that, I want to talk to you guys about Pick Sheet. Today's podcast is sponsored by buypicksheet.com the best way to run your NFL sports pools. Whether you're running a Survivor pool, a pick em confidence pool squares or our new touchdown calls contest, Pick Sheet makes it incredibly easy. It has a clean a clean, intuitive interface with no annoying ads, no pop ups, no gambling promotions. One of my favorite features is the built in payment tracker. Lets commissioners keep track of who has paid, who still owes money. Payment history balances across multiple pools all in one place. We all have that member that's always late to pay. This is an easy way to see who that is. That's one of the reasons Fantasy Pros chose picksheet.com to host both our Touchdown calls contest and our Survivor pool for our audience this season. More on both those pools to come, but we're excited to partner with Pick Sheet this year to provide a great contest experience for everyone. So if you are a pool commissioner or you've been thinking about starting one this year, go check them out. That's picksheet.com spelled P I K S H E E T.com and when you're ready to create your own pool, use the promo code FP2026 2026 to receive 35% off your hosting fees. Again, that's picksheet.com P I K S H E E T.com use promo code FP2026 for 35% off your pool hosting fees. And now we'll start talking about the game bets and Erickson, we'll start with you. I believe you have a lean that you like in the Chargers and the Texans game.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: Yeah, I'm taking a small home favorite, so going against some of the bigger trends. But again, it's not at a hundred percent that some of these trends are going to hit. There's never anything like that. I like the Texans laying one and a half points against the Los Angeles Chargers. And that's because I think that we're starting to see a potential new John Harbaugh type of coach in the preseason. And that's D' Ameco Ryan's. So D' Amico Ryan's is 6 and 3 in the preseason, week one specifically, he's undefeated. He's 3 0. So he has been very profitable to back in these first preseason games. Whereas Jim Harbaugh, not like his brother, he's been very middle of the road when it comes to his preseason 12 and nine. Week one, he's two and three. So more of a mixed bag. However, when I look at these two teams, look at the Chargers, what derailed their season last year, it was all the injuries that they had. And Harbaugh has already come out and kind of talked about how the plan is they're going to start roughly 15 or 15 veteran starters are going to warm up but then not play. And then 27 depth players are going to take snap. Like these are very exact numbers that he's like listing out here. Where I usually get like, yeah, the starters will play, but it's very specific what they're doing here. It's like, these are guys going to warm up. These guys are actually going to play. I don't think he has any idea in terms of, okay, I actually want to score this amount of points. I want this player to do this, this type of drive. I think that he's just trying to get out of this game with guys not getting injured. So that's kind of my read on fading the Chargers and also backing the Houston Texans, who. I mean, the last time we saw the Texans, it was a disaster. I was at that game against the Patriots and CJ Stroud just played one of the worst games I've ever seen a quarterback play there. We haven't gotten confirmation if he's going to play in this game, but regardless, still have Davis Mills as the backup there. Very comp or comp. Competent backup quarterback So I think that the Houston Texans will win this game comfortably by one and a half points or if not more. And the way the line has moved in terms of home favorite, I do like it favoring the Houston Texans here, just backing d' Ameco Ryan's who's been very profitable in Week one.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah, makes sense to me. D' Ameco Ryan seems like one of those coaches who's kind of going to want to get his team ready. And Davis Mills could be better than CJ Stroud. I'm not going to argue with anybody that makes that point. Joe, do you have any thoughts on this one?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Yeah, absolutely. My Chargers are definitely a fade here in week number one. I feel it for sure. I think they're going to be hard teamed back a lot of this season. But here in Week one, I'm with you. D' Ameco Ryan's will have the Houston Texans ready to play, especially with what we saw in that last game versus your Patriots. So I love where you're going with that one.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah, that one was tough. Well, I believe you have another short favorite that you want to talk about.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Yeah, I do. And I didn't want to come in giving those short favorites because I love dogs, plus the points. But I'm looking at the Titans here, lan and a half on the road versus the 49ers, and there's two huge factors for me. The first is Will Levis. You're looking at Will Lavis. He was a former starting quarterback coming out here. He's going to get the majority of the reps and he's got some good chemistry with these guys out there on the field. And I look also at Robert Salah. This is his first time as the head coach for the Tennessee Titans. And when we look at him in preseason, he's another presence preseason coach that has really had success going 10, 2 and 1 straight up and 10 and 3 against the spread in preseason. So then they're taking on a 49ers team that it's a veteran team. There is no nine. This is going to be the better team during the regular season. But I look at kind of the issues with Kyle Shanahan off the field right now, everything that's been happening out there. And I just think the 49ers, while they could win a couple of these preseason games, it's not happening here in Week one. And I'm really excited to see what Will Levis will come out and do because remember, Cam Ward has taken that number one quarterback role and his connection we're seeing in training camp with Cornell Tate is fantastic, so I can't wait till they get on the field. But I think Will Levis will step up and step up big with something to prove out there today or on this game.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah, sure. And talk about a team that needs to need some injury luck to go either way. That 49ers in that electric substation just siphoning players left and right. Erickson, do you have any thoughts on this one?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: I do have some thoughts on this particular game. I like the lean into the Titans, but this just dovetails right into my next pick here because it's in the same game on Thursday night, the 49ers and the Titans. So I like the under in this game. So I was able to find it at 40. I think there's a lot of 39 and a half. So we talked about that 37 and a half threshold. If it is above that number, typically you want to be looking towards the under and I think there's actually a lot of cases with this particular matchup to back the under. You look at Robert Salah, he was a defensive coordinator for the 49ers last season. Like, do you think he wants to give up points to Kyle Shanahan? No chance, especially when it's his first game as the head coach of the Tennessee Titans. So I think that there is some pride being at play here when it comes to Robert Saleh and his defense. Again, this is all new defense of so many of the defense has changed its starters from last year of who the Tennessee Titans were trotting up. 49ers are really banged up across the board. So I don't think that we're going to see a lot of their main offensive guys because I can't play them because they're all injured. So those are a couple of features that I like. And then one other thing too that now this one is not as much backed up by data or trends, but it's more intuitively this is one of the matchups that had a joint practice already this season and I have been pretty profitable in the past in looking at some of these games where when these teams had joint practices the week before the game that they had a few days before, the teams don't have as much gas left in the tank because they use those joint practices as the game. And then when the game actually comes it becomes more of a glorified walkthrough where they're not actually trying to score points. So again, not 100% hit rate I've also been burned by this in the past, but just given the optics of this particular matchup, they know each other. I don't think that it's going to be this crazy, insane high. I mean, it's at 40 points. Like this is the second highest total I believe, like on the main slate in week one. I think it's just a really high number and there's enough reasons for me to lean into Fitch falling short of this many points being scored.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah, just a quick glance, I might be off here. I see one game with one more point, 41 and a half. And then I see this one and another one at forty and a half. So that. That makes sense. Yeah, the drilling practices thing makes complete sense. You hear coaches talk about it all the time. A it's like a nice chance for their players to hit somebody else.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: Hit.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Hit somebody else that's wearing different colored pads. And it's also like, let's get our ones against their ones and then for the preseason game, let's. Let's let them chill and stuff like that. So, Joe, I know you liked the Titans on the spread. Just curious, did you look at the total on this one or you were just sticking with the Titans?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Yeah, I did. I totally looked at the total. And Erickson, I'm with you on that total, taking it to the ender because I expect this one to be neither team really getting into the 20s, you know, a 17 kind of 14 style game. So I like where you're going with that.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Sure.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah. And talking about totals in the 40s, I believe there's one that you actually like to go over for your next one.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: I do, because I look at both of these coaches and I think they're going to want to establish their offensive identity. So I'm looking at the Cardinals. We saw what they were able to do in that hall of Fame game and yes, they were able to put up that 30 points. And I don't want to overreact to that, but I do think Mike LaFleur is going to come out and really want to have another look at Carson Beck. We've heard Carson Beck already saying that he wants that number one quarterback role and he's going to come out and he's going to sling that rock just like we saw in that hall of Fame game, especially against this Raiders defense. We know the defense has always been a weakness for this Raiders team. And then looking at the Raiders here, number one overall draft pick Mendoza will get the start for them. Now I expect him to come out shining as well because we know Kirk Cousins has been given the starting quarterback role. Mendoza, he'd love nothing more than to have a fantastic preseason and take it from Kirk Cousins here. Not sure if that would be the smartest move for the Raiders overall for their franchise to give Mendoza the start in Week one, but it's not out of question if he comes out here and he knows that as well. You got to remember he was an undefeated quarterback last season in college football. So absolutely love what he brings to the table. And I look at this one and I go, how are both of these teams not scoring into the 20? So I will take it over the 40 and a half. It might be the Raiders that put up the majority of the points here as the Cardinals kind of take a step back because we don't want to overreact to what we saw in the hall of Fame game. But I do think this is a solid performance out of both of these teams.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Sure. Yeah. And like you said, it was that Cardinals team that scored over 30 points in the hall of Fame game. Beck looked awesome. The backup quarter. Well, I don't even know if it'll end up being third string or whatever. Haynes King I believe was his name. He looked awesome that game. I know he got banged up, but hopefully he plays Erickson, do you have any thoughts on this one? If not, we can go to your
[00:00 - 00:01] Speaker D: to your third well, Haynes King is the reason why I didn't win my Cardinals Moneyline bet last week. We hit the rushing prop. We actually we had a really great week hitting the rushing the props overall. But again, when going down to the final play to see the Cardinals lose like that was not how I wanted to spend my Thursday night. But to to this bet here. As the undertaker, of course I love to bet anything that's high. Number one of it, take the under. But I think Joe makes a really compelling case for this particular matchup and I was definitely gunjacked because I was looking at trying to just find the highest totals and just blindly betting the unders. But in this particular matchup, like those optics really matter. The fact that we already saw the Cardinals offense score over 30 points and you don't want to overreact to that, but you also don't want to under react to it. We've seen offenses in the preseason, they just do the same thing every single week where nothing actually changes and they just keep scoring 30 points because defenses are just playing these vanilla coverages. And Carson Beck, hey, I want to look good. Like I want to put the Best tape out there. And if it's against really bad defenses, who cares? I can only control what I control. And then having Mendoza motivated being able to play dome conditions. Yeah, this one I was definitely, I'm not sure if I'll tell you on the over, but I'm definitely not going to be betting the under here. So I think it's a good call while you eat regardless.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Sure. Yeah. There we go. I like it. So. All right, your last one. Now we got. We're talking about a short dog here.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Yes. So finally trusting the process here. Trusting the numbers as I point my glasses up. Rams catching two and a half points against the Kansas City Chiefs now everybody knows that the Rams don't really care about the preseason. They bench basically all their guys. It's actually very concerning for fantasy football managers if one of your guys plays in a Rams preseason game because it means that he'll never touch the field when the games actually matter. That being said, the Kansas City Chiefs in week one, this is where Andy Reid has been at his worst against the spread when it comes to the preseason 8:15 and 1. Patrick Mahomes is not going to be playing in this game. Reed has already come out and said that he said maybe he'll play potentially in week two or week three of the preseason because the Chiefs have traditionally had a couple preseason games where they actually do play their starters for a decent chunk of that particular matchup. But Chiefs 03 and back to back preseason. So I think that this is a spot where you kind of want to buy the dip on the Rams who yes, they're usually overlooked, but you have a situation where yeah, there's going to be no Matthew Stafford, but they also have a rookie quarterback who's going to see a significant amount of snaps in this matchup who is a first round pick in Ty Simpson. Sean McVeigh also hasn't ruled out at this time whether Stencet Bennett may also play. So I think there's a lot of upside that you usually don't get from this Rams quarterback room. Usually it's just some third string guy that no one has ever heard of. But now it's either Stetson Bennett who's been in the system for a while, or Ty Simpson, first round pick from this year's draft. So that's why I like the Rams side a little bit here and it's just fade. The Chiefs in preseason week one like that is probably the other big angle here. And I would say too that this line is actually moved closer to the Chiefs So it opened closer to Chiefs plus one. Now it's Rams plus two and a half, their road underdogs, which I absolutely love. So for me, the trends are pointing in the right direction. I like the matchup base play based on the Rams in the quarterback situation and just fading the Chiefs.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah. Makes complete sense. I mean, it's back in the quarterback. It's backing a rookie quarterback who you want to put your best foot forward and sets in Bennett, who spent 15 years in college football, however long it was, you know, he can. You know that he's capable of running an offense in the preseason, that's for sure. Joe, do you look at this game at all?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Yeah, I did. And I do feel it's the right way to go. With the LA Rams grabbing the points there. I think they have the opportunity to win it outright as well. I wouldn't be afraid to take them on that money line and search for that great plus money because I look at the Kansas City Chiefs here and I just don't think we're gonna see a lot out of them on the field. I think Andy Reid loves to kind of like hide what he's going to do in the regular season, especially here in week one, so I would avoid Casey at all costs.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: I like it. Yeah. Which the last point is that is interesting because historically you see my homes playing like full first halves in preseason games, but obviously not this year coming off the injury. And obviously he's already said not in week one of the preseason game, so. All right, last game bet for this segment. I believe we have a first half spread that we're looking at for here. Joe, what do you got?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Yeah, I'm rolling here with the first half with the Cincinnati Bengals. They're length three and a half. Now, this is an interesting game, right, because we've seen a Zach Taylor come out and say that he's going to start his key players like Joe Burrows. You're going to see Jamar Chase, you're going to see T. Higgins. Now, how long we see them is another question mark out there. We've seen the line go from four and a half to six and a half with that news coming out. But I think if you target the Bengals in the first half, laying the three and a half and then have a live betting look here at the Lions to come back because I really think this Lions team has a possibility of actually winning this outright. You look at Zach Taylor and he's one of the worst preseason head coaches out there. He's 4 and 14 against us spread in the preseason and I can't trust him, especially once these veterans go off the field. I think the Bengals are going to have some issues out there. So I look to the Bengals to come out and Joe Burrow with Jamar Chase T. Higgins to get enough done in that first half to cover a spread of three and a half. But then I think you come back in on the Lions because you do have Luke Altmeyer. He's an undrafted free agent coming into play. He played in college in Illinois and I think he's got a lot to prove here for the Detroit Lions. I also like Dan Campbell a lot more as a head coach in the preseason. He's still not above.500, but he's got better numbers than Zach Taylor. So it's Bengals going in first half. If you can get first quarter, you're laying between a half a point and two and a half points, depending on your book. So you can shop that as well. I like that. But I think first half lay the three and a half and then live bet the Lions come back and win it.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah, I love that look. I love the back and first half fatum second half logic in general, I think it makes sense with the Bengals because I mean, every year it feels like Burrow's either coming like coming off of an injury so he's not playing in the preseason. And then they start the first month of the year and their offense is stuck in mud. So hopefully Zach Taylor's like, hey, maybe if we start carrying in the preseason, we'll be able to actually start the year better in week one. So Erickson, what do you think about. What do you think about it?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: And this is my favorite one that Joe has laid out here. Total DJ season going into first half preseason betting. But the logic makes so much sense because, yes, this is why Zach Taylor has made this philosophical change to we got to stop starting out the regular season so slow and so sluggish. We have to get our guys going in the preseason. Whereas the Lions are still licking their wounds defensively from all the injuries they had last year. We had a report today that they're hoping that they'll get some guys back early to start the season not even available for week one. So they're sure it's not going to be ready for preseason week one. So I think that Joe Burrow is going to sling it around, especially in the first half. So I wouldn't be surprised if they're up by two touchdowns entering the third quarter. So I love this play here.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah, as do I think that, I think save the best for last. So. All right, well, we'll start talking about some prop bets for these games. But before we do, I want to talk to you guys about the Betting Pros Discord. If you are looking to up your game in sports betting, join our exclusive Sports Betting discord community@bettingpros.com chat. Not only can you connect with expert handicappers who provide free picks for all the sports NBA, NFL, mlb, NHL player, props, live betting, more, whatever you can think of. And now you can also participate in our weekly community picks. Cast your vote, see how your picks stack up against the experts and track your success. So join the Betting Pros discord@bettingpros.com chat.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Tired of juggling sales tools or spending hours on prospecting just to book a few meetings? Meet Apollo, the go to market platform for finding leads, connecting with buyers and closing deals all in one place. Apollo gives you access to over 210 million contacts and AI that handles all your busywork finding leads, drafting emails and even prioritizing your day. So stop paying for five different sales tools when one does it all. Visit Apollo I.O. and sign up free today.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: I'm Mangesha Tigidar and I'm back with a new season of the podcast Skyline Drive. This time I'm diving into a rabbit hole of peptides, organoids, blood boys, blue zones and brain replacement to try to understand what what this longevity obsession is all about and what it really means to live forever for all of us. I learned about some rad science.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: I can make a brain for you and then we can test what drug is the best for your brain as opposed to his brain.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Here are some hard truths.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: I would expect Indians to age faster,
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: but I did not expect it to be almost a full four to five
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: year acceleration and get myself into a world of trouble.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: I'd say probably start bone smashing that doesn't work.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Make it look more defined. They say it works. I don't know.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Listen to Skyline Drive how to live Forever on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: So now we're going to talk about some prop bets. Now we're talking D Gen season, we're talking about prop bets in a preseason game. But I actually do think that this is really, really where you can find some edges when you have situations where some coach speak on who's going to play, who's going to play, how long they're going to play, all that good stuff. So Erickson, we'll start with you who do you like for your preseason player prop for this one?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Going with Drew Aller, quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers, Penn state legend, over 74 and a half passing yards. So the coach speak with Mike McCarthy and how they're deploying this Steelers quarterback room, there's like they're doing like three rotations. So we think it's going to be Mason Rudolph and then Will Howard and then Drew Aller. It'll be the first quarterback, the first two series, the second quarterback come in, play till the second half or play until the first half ends and then they'll get another quarterback that starts the entire second half. That's what I'm betting on Drew Aller to be in this particular instance. They haven't like totally ruled out Aaron Rodgers playing in this game. I know that they're facing the packers, so maybe that's a reason to start him and Mike McCarthy obviously like facing the packers, like I get that. But also like what is the point of having Aaron Rodgers playing? He's how old is he? 43, 44 years old? Like, come on, like. So I think that it's more important that Mike McCarthy stated, I want to see the young guys play. Like he's talked about a lot of these young quarterbacks, how he's excited about Will Howard. I mean Will Howard was getting the most puff pieces as a six round rookie quarterback that did absolutely nothing as a rookie in his second year. And Drew Aller is a player that again, very, very toolsy, very, very raw. And they talked about him, how they basically had to reset everything learned to Penn State to learn actually how to play the quarterback position. So that being said, I think that Al is going to get enough opportunities, enough passing attempts in the second half of this matchup to go over 75 and a half passing or 74 and a half passing yards. And again I went back through all of the quarterbacks that played under Mike McCarthy in the preseason in his tenure with Dallas, and all but one of them threw for at least 74 and a half passing yards if they had at least 10 passing attempts. So that's the threshold we're looking for. Can he at least attempt 10 passes? And it was at least encouraging that at the Saturday scrimmage that the Steelers had this past weekend, Drew Eller was slinging the ball downfield and making a lot of plays vertically stretching the field. So even if he doesn't get 10 passing attempts, he's at least probably going to chuck it deep because he has a big arm and he wants to probably showcase that to the Steelers coaches. So I'm going to take the over on the passing yards for this Steelers quarterback.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah, I like it. It's a. It's definitely a fall from grace for those Penn State guys, like for him, Singleton and K Channel, I think about a year ago. But yeah, I'm with you. I mean, there's. What's the point of Aaron, like even Aaron, even if it's like to show up against the Packers. Does he.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Does he even want to play in this game? I mean, like, maybe I like.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: God.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: And it's like, oh, wow, you had a good drive against them in the preseason. You really showed them. And then Mason Rudolph, he's not a young quarterback. You know what you're getting from him. So, yeah, will Howard sure. Give him some run. I like it. I think that makes a ton of sense. Joe, do you look at this game at all?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: Yeah, I did and I think that is a great way to go. And I'm also rolling with quarterback prop as well because I think you've got to look at these guys that aren't the starters and look for them to come out and really showcase what they're able to do. And I think no better than looking at JJ McCarthy here to be able to go over his passing prop for the Minnesota Vikings at 181 and a half. Now, I know this number seems high, but he was just like in a very public battle for that quarterback number one role. Right. And Kevin o', Connell, he's given it to Kyler Murray, which I still am shaking my head. I understand why they bought Kyler Murray onto this team, But I think JJ McCarthy deserves an opportunity to lead this team. And I think within a couple weeks of the regular season we will see JJ under center. So I'm looking for him to come out and have a chip on his shoulder like Kyler Murray got the start over me. I'm going to prove that I can get things done. And we know the Vikings offensive scheme really does rely on a heavy pass action play. So I'm looking for him to take more chances than if he was named that number one quarterback role. Right. He's going to sling it into some tight opportunities, take those chances that maybe he wouldn't have done here in preseason if he was already that top quarterback. And then they're facing the Giants and I look at this Giants team, we know defensive issues out there, and while they are stronger against the pass and they are against the run, it's not that much stronger. It's always one of the weaker defenses out there. So I think J.J. mcCarthy is going to have quite a game. 181 and a half. It's a light number for me.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: I like it. And he just needs reps. That's the biggest thing. He just needs reps. I mean, he obviously missed his entire rookie year. He was even hurt last year. Yeah, that one makes sense. Kevin McCarthy, quarterback friendly scheme, chip on his shoulder after losing the quarterback job to Colin Murray. Makes a ton of sense to me. Erickson, what do you think about J.J. mcCarthy?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: Yeah, I'm glad that we just get to talk about this particular game because I think it's really fascinating from all the avenues getting the announcement today, Kevin o' Connell coming out saying that Kyler Murray has, quote, shown enough to be the QB one, which, I mean, talk about ringing endorsements, guys, of our QB1 for the entire season. Yeah, he showed enough so we'll make him the QB one. I think that Joe hit the nail on the head here with McCarthy. He's got everything. He's also got nothing to lose, right? Hey, go out there and sling a man like he can play loose. It would not shock me at all if Kyler actually looks worse in this game because he's going to be facing probably more of the Giants actual starters. The reports out of the Vikings training camp have not been good for really either quarterback and it's been inconsistent. So to get this news today, I think it's just a matter of Kevin o'. Connell, hey, we got to get Kyler's many reps so that he's ready for week one and that's the way that we're approaching this. JJ McCarthy could be playing for his Vikings job and potentially do. Does he get traded? So he wants to play well in this preseason. I think he's going to slant, so I couldn't agree more. Especially if you also buy into the Giants are winning this game. Negative game script, more past tense for J.J. mcCarthy. We don't need to see more of Carson Wentz. McCarthy needs reps. So yeah, this one I'm definitely going to be sitting down and watching and hoping that JJ McCarthy is just ripping the ball because that would actually be really funny if he actually plays better than Kyler Murray does and the Monday morning quarterback went well. Do they make the right decision starting to KYLER MURRAY OVER JJ McCARTHY. So that'll be a fun week of discourse.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah, that. That's definitely true. And I mean anything that goes on in the preseason, obviously everybody knows carries over to the regular season. But yeah, I mean you hit the point on the head. The the spark notes version of this quarterback competition was neither quarterback looked at looked that good. And just real quick, I'm just curious your thoughts as the fantasy guy, what does Kyler Murray mean to you for Justin Jefferson? I know this is a betting Pro is preseason podcast, but I'm just curious your thoughts on that.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: I mean it's going to be better than it was because JJ and Justin Jefferson just did not have the chemistry. They did not have the vibes. So it's going to be better for Jefferson. But is it back to status quo? Is it back to top five? We're hoping it is, but that's where he's being drafted. Like that's like the big thing. It's just like a. It's becoming a okay. It's an absolute this is going to happen. There's no risk involved where you're taking him in the end of the first round when there still is a lot of risk involved. I mean the Cardinals offense was better last year with Jacoby Brissette fueling Michael Wilson, Marvin Harrison Jr. And Trey McBride. None of those guys were hitting in any way when Kyler Murray was the quarterback. So should be better for Jefferson, but still a little hesitant, especially with all the really good receivers going around him. CD Lamb, AJ Brown, Drake London I mean Kyler Murray is not a lock to unleash Justin Jefferson.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: So yeah, and even when color was a good fantasy quarterback, it was. He never threw touchdowns. That was never his thing. So yeah. Which curious your thoughts there. But before we get out of here, Joe, we want to get your same game parlay of the week.
[00:01 - 00:02] Speaker A: Oh, I'm really excited for this. I'm looking at The Dallas Cowboys vs. The Seattle Seahawks and yes, we are going total to Jen doing the same game parlay in Week 1 of preseason, but I'm going to grab Dallas plus the three and a half and the over 38 and a half in this. Putting those two legs together coming in at plus 238. I look at the quarterback depth for both of these teams and we know Seattle won the Super Bowl. They're normally a team like I want to fade anyway. We talked about that at the start of the show. These teams that really played strong last season and I do think Dallas has every opportunity with the changes that they've made, especially on the defensive side of things. They're going to be trying out some situations. But you look at the quarterback depth. You got Sam Howell and Joe Milton here for the Dallas Cowboys. Both of those guys have the ability to get that ball moving down the field. I really am excited to see what we'll see out of Joe Milton. He's got a powerful arm and he has that really strong ability to scramble. His mobility is an absolute weapon, especially in preseason with vanilla defenses. And then when we look at the Seattle Seahawks, you're going to see a little bit of Drew Locke. You're going to see Melro out there as well. And I think we're going to see the points come on the board. Now Dallas, I think has the opportunity of winning it. I did throw them in the parlay, plus the three and a half and the over 38 and a half. But I would also, outside of it, take the money line for the Dallas Cowboys.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: I like it. Yeah, I mean Bazooka Joe is just must want, must watch television in the preseason. So Erickson, are you going to tell this one?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker D: Joe Milton versus Jalen Milroe. I'm all about that life and taking me over here. So yeah, give me the underdog. Give me them Cowboys before they all let us down in the regular season. Back them in the preseason, we'll be good to go.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Love it. I love it. Well, thank you guys for joining me in this. It was very fun talk. I mean anytime you can talk NFL is a good day in my book. Remember to just check out the sponsors picksheet.com check out the betting Pros discord. Make sure to like the video comment, subscribe, all that good stuff. You guys have any final thoughts?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker D: I just don't know how we went for over 30 minutes talking about NFL preseason week one. But I'm here for it and I love it.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Awesome. Well, thank you guys for joining me again. Thank everybody for watching and have a good one.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker D: Thanks for listening to the Betting Pros podcast. If you love the show, the best
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: free way to support us is by
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker D: leaving a positive review on Apple Podcasts or Spotify. Follow us on X and TikTok, BettingPros and Instagram ettingprosnfl. Also subscribe to our YouTube channel at YouTube.com bettingpros.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: This episode sponsored by Apollo. Still moving deals forward from your desk. With Apollo, you can go to market on the go, find leads, research accounts and launch outreach right inside Claude and chat GPT. You can even make calls or research leads from Gmail, your CRM or company websites. So whether you're at the airport or on a coffee run, Apollo works where you work. No more switching tabs or devices. Grow boldly with Apollo, the revenue engine trusted by over 3 million teams visit Apollo IO anywhere and start free today. That's Apollo IO anywhere. Hey, this is Hayes Davenport and Sean Clements. We host the podcast Hollywood Handbook. Each week we talk to someone in show business and and try to help
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker D: them with their careers and see what they have to offer us. Everyone has a good time and no
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: one gets mad at their publicist for letting them do our show. We've had a lot of great guests
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker D: like Sarah Sherman, Adam Scott, Danny McBride,
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Ben Stillard, and a lot of other
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker D: big shots that wouldn't be where they are without us.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Listen to Hollywood handbook on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: I'm Mangesha Tekodar, and I'm back with a new season of my podcast, Skyline Drive. This time I talk to scientists, biopunks, curmudgeons, blue zoners, science super seniors, and Goa's top cryotherapy lab to try to understand this obsession with living forever and what it means for all of us. And I get into a bit of trouble along the way.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: I'd say probably start bone smashing.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: That doesn't work.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker A: To make it look more defined. They say it works. I don't know.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: Listen to Skyline Drive, how to live Forever on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker A: This is an iHeart podcast. Guaranteed Human.
