[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Google Chrome. You think you know a browser, but Gemini and Chrome? That's new. It can help you with practically anything on the web, like restoring a vintage motorcycle from a 50 page restoration block. Or finally break down that long article you've had open for weeks. Gemini and Chrome is here for it, ready to make anything online make sense. There's no place like Chrome. Check responses set up required compatibility and availability. Veris18
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: you are listening to DraftKings Network
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Whatever you are watching this summer, DraftKings has you covered for every single moment of it. Baseball, golf, soccer, racing, football, of course. The DraftKings sports app is now available in all 50 states, bringing the game straight to your fingertips wherever you are. New DraftKings customers sign up with code Ross. Spend 5 bucks to get 150 in rewards within 14 days. Includes all markets. That's Code Ross in partnership with DraftKings.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: The Crown is yours bet with DK Sportsbook gambling problem call 1-800- GAMBLER-1800, my reset Connecticut call 888-789-7777 or on behalf of Boothill Casino in Kansas. VET tax passthrough may apply in Illinois 21 and over void in Canada event contract trading with DraftKings predictions involves risk of loss availability varies predictions offer void in New York Bet to get bonus bets that expire in 7 days Trade to get predictions dollars that expire in 1 year $50 in rewards issued every 7 days via click to claim for 14 days. One non withdrawable reward redeemable nationwide based on Sportsbook predictions and free to play sports contest Availability varies by state terms at DKNG co offer limited time offer if you like to make your NFL games a little bit more interesting, you've come to the right place. It's the Even Money Podcast with Ross Tucker and Steve Pezik.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah, Vegas, baby. Vegas. It is the Even Money Betting podcast presented of course by DraftKings. The Crown is yours and for our purposes, the code is yours. Use the code Ross. How about the DraftKings app being available all 50 states? That's amazing. So all of you guys in Florida and Texas and California, I know a lot of you have been waiting for this. Use the Code Ross. By the way, when you do that, screenshot it, forward it to me Ross RossTucker.com with whatever question you have for Steve and we'll get to it the next week. If we get to email questions that week. The next couple weeks are going to be epic. Next week we're going to dive into Steve and I's AFC season win total bets. Our official AFC season win total bets. The week after that will be the NFC season win total bets. The week after that's week one, which is just incredible when you think about it. The Steve I'm talking about, of course, is the great Steve Fezick. Follow him on social media at physicsports. I'm merely Ross Tucker, former NFL offensive lineman. Get a chance to call games. Did my first one Saturday night for the Eagles. I'll be doing games on TV for CBS and radio for Westwood One. Should be awesome. Speaking of awesome, we have a terrific guest on today's show. We don't bring on a lot of guests on this show, as you guys know, but when you get a chance to get a guy from the number one fantasy football podcast that's out there, a guy that, Gosh, I remember 10 years ago being at a fantasy football convention with him. Probably more than 10 years actually. He is Mike Wright, aka the fantasy football Hitman. You can follow him on social at FF Hitman, part of the very popular fantasy footballers that have been killing it in the fantasy game for a long, long time. Mike, what's up man? Thanks so much for coming on the show. Really appreciate it.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: Hey, I appreciate the offer. It has, it's been, it's been way too long since we've, we, we met face to face, you know, it must have been like a decade ago. So happy to be here. Love, love talking football. The, you can feel it. The juices are flowing. The, the feeling in the air is like we're on the way. We're, we're just weeks away and very, very excited.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: So you're the perfect guy to have on Mike because Steve often talks about on this show on Thursdays now he gives out a few prop bets. He also gives out a lot of prop bets to his clients@sicpicks.com that's sick. Picks.com. steve, correct me if I'm wrong, but you typically, I don't want to say make most of your money, but a lot of the value you provide us on the show, your clients is it's typically easier to win on props. Is that right? Steve, I know you feel that way about the super bowl, but I'm just curious. Season long props or even on a week to week basis where props are in your portfolio?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Oh, 100%. And I'm not a prop specialist, but every year I pay more attention. Think about this. On a Sunday in the NFL, a sportsbook will take $100,000 bet on NFL side and their prop limit on a player might be five hundred or a thousand. Which one do you think they feel more vulnerable on? I think that's pretty strong evidence that all these sports books know that it's impossible to get all these props right and get the numbers right on the derivatives and the player props. And that's where the smaller better should really be attacking.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: So what about. I don't know. We've talked about this recently, Steve, because I want to get to Mike's expertise on some of his projections and guys he's higher on and lower on. I, I don't remember talking that much with you about season long props. Do you do it? Do you dabble in a decent amount of season long props for some of
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: these skill guys Love the season long skill position players under. If you played every one of them under every wide receiver, running back and even quarterback under, you made money to the tune of 60% plus. Now the books have adjusted somewhat, but they never adjust enough, Ross, because they inevitably they say, wow, if this dude plays all 17 games, I like the over. And I agree. But guess what? As a former NFL player, Ross, you know how hard it is if you're a wide receiver or running back to make it through the season without a key injury.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Well, so we're already seeing that was some of the injuries that are coming up in preseason, which I guess, Mike, is my first question for you. You know, how much stock do you put in preseason? Whether it's what you see from some of these younger guys, especially like rookies on the field and or like, I know you're out in Arizona, Mike, A guy like Jeremiah Love has a high ankle sprain and now they're saying, you know, they hope he's back for week one.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: So we look for a couple different things. The, the first, like the really the most important thing in, in my opinion, you're doing like you could do more box score hunting. Of like I need to know who's out there. You know, like who is. What has been the order, excuse me, of like the running backs, who's up and you know, like stats are here and there. You know, the Carson Beck hall of Fame game. We all had a really good time because he looked like the greatest player of all time. But you know, it's like this, this won't be what he's up against. So I don't take a ton from that. So I want to know who's up what when we're 12. Personnel is becoming more and more popular. Like is anyone kind of Tipping hand at that. If they do we. Which two wide receivers are out on the field? You know, like the kind of the tea leaves for the Chargers, you know, with McDaniel coming in and then they've kind of loaded up on the tight end position, it seems like this is. That could be an opportunity for them. And it's like, well, who's going to be the two out there for the Chargers? Because that really matters for fantasy football. Of it should be lad McConkey, but he's kind of been relegated to like a slot type of player and Keenan Allen was taking some of his snaps last year. Will they really put Lad out there the way we think he should? You know, so, so things like that and then there's some player evaluation of, of you know, like just how does. How do you feel like a player is moving in those types of takeaways? It's not a. You can't put a ton of stock into it because it's like the Mike Washington rips off the huge gain for, for the Raiders and you're like, yeah, we, we knew we could do that. Like that doesn't. You don't want to double count things. And often in fantasy football we can fall into a trap of how you felt about a player and then they do a move like that. I remember years ago, Amir Abdullah, when he was a second round pick for the Lions, he had a preseason cut where he made the defender look like an idiot and he just. He rumbles out for this huge gain and his ADP went up like three rounds overnight and it was like, okay. And then it didn't totally work out for Abdullah at least that year for the Lions. So it's more of a, an exercise in patience and, and having some caution. But there's, there's definitely takeaways and I just wanted to fill in on Steve's point of like, yeah, it. The unders really are the way to go, but you kind of feel like the guy who's at the craps table playing the don't pass line and it's like, yeah, I get it, you know, statistically, but it's not fun.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: It.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: You don't feel good when you win that way unless you're actually like, I don't like this player. I'll take the under. Instead of just the, the, the pragmatic view, which is, no, these guys, a lot of these guys are going to. They'll hit their under just because of games missed.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: So you just said a bunch of really good things. The one is Steve, I Don't think we talk about this enough, the concept of double counting, because if you already feel one way about a team or a player and then there's a performance in the preseason that you know more or less reaffirms how you felt, that doesn't mean you should grade them higher. You already fought that. Like, you, you already had them there. And I will say I feel like Steve, correct me if I'm wrong. To Mike's point, most people don't want to bet the under. Like, they think the over is. Is more fun and they want the guy to have a big season. I'm curious how. How much that's built into the line and being a reason why we should take the under even more.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Yeah. And just pursuant to what Mike was saying, don't bet the don't pass either, because when the come out rolls a 12, you don't win. So although the don't pass, like to a decimal point, it's a better wager than the pass line. They're both bad.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: But then you're the guy at the table and you're like, everyone hates that
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: guy and everyone hates you and your rating, your comp rating gets sandbagged because the pit hates you also. So they give you like a lousy rating on top of it. So don't play the don't pass. I agree with that. I think don't get excited about great performance, but do get excited to play the under. Whenever you see a breeze hall or a love getting banged up, remember you're going to win playing everybody under. So you're already reaching your your hand into an urn with more white marbles than black marbles to bet under and you throw an injury and a dude doesn't even get adjusted because like, oh, love will be fine for Arizona maybe. Or maybe you know what, even if he is fine, crowded backfield, some of these other dudes are like Algiers are going to get more carries and loves. Could even stay healthy and, and sneak under.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Give me Mike, give me some guys that whether, whether you just love them or you've got serious concerns that you think are mispriced, whether it's fantasy football, adp. And for those of you that aren't into fantasy, you just like to bet that's average draft position. I'm guessing a lot of you still play fantasy or used to play fantasy year, and you know that, but that's average draft position. So for our purposes, Mike, we're primarily talking Prof. But give me some guys that you guys at the fancy footballers Are are projecting to go lower, much lower or higher than than the consensus out there.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: So I can say I don't know where the prop lines are and we've had a, a pretty unfortunate Jordan Tyson injury. But Tyler Schuck was a player that I was. I still remain very bullish on like I. My evaluation of Tyler Schuck is he looks like a franchise quarterback. He has a true number one wide receiver in Chris Olave. And we're hopeful that we'll have Tyson at some point in the season. But his, you know, he was interesting because people are down on him for fantasy football. And then if you actually go look at his, his lines again, I haven't seen him in a little bit, but it was like he was higher, higher odds to break break 4,000 passing yards than like Josh Allen, Baker Mayfield, like guys who you would think, oh, the second year quarterback. No, these, these veterans were certainly more likely to go over 4,000, but the numbers really aren't there. And that, I don't know if that's going to help you guys on the betting side. It helps me though. Like we. In fantasy football, we do go look at the projections, you know, can be kind of a test for you of am I in my projection just way off on this player compared to what kind of the. That like midline is the. That the outcome. Potential outcome for this player. But I think Shuck with the Kellen Moore offense, he just, he plays faster and that matters. That matters a lot for your raw numbers and for fantasy football points. More snaps per game is really a huge deal over the course of a season. We had, you know, Last year, Trey McBride Essentially, I believe he ran the most routes of a tight end ever. And the amount of routes that he ran was like an extra, almost an extra two games worth of routes, which is. You saw it in the numbers. Like he was heads and shoulders above every other fantasy football titan. He was dominant because he had way more. I mean he's great. That's not the. But he had so much more opportunity than everyone else. So we look for things like that. Tyler Schuck. So I'm, I'm very, very high on him.
[00:00 - 00:01] Speaker C: So my wife and I were talking about giving our daughters an allowance and how we go about that. I got to tell you, it's like way easier to manage anything like this than it used to be, especially when you have Monarch. Monarch simplifies your finances and provides the clarity you need to hit your goals. So that's something that we can talk about with our daughters with their allowance. All of the different AI capabilities that Monarch has is incredible. AI assistant, AI insights, even just being able to split the bill, which is way easier with Monarch. Way easier. Write your own money story with Monarch. Use code even@monarch.com to get your first year of Monarch Core half off. At just $50, that's 50% off your first year of@monarch.com with code even the new Bill stadium looks incredible. And I saw where my buddy Kyle Brandt, college roommate, teammate, fraternity brother, all those things he was there and he said there was Labat Blue and Labat Blue Light everywhere. That is amazing. By far my favorite light beer and in fact Labat Blue Light Lime, by far my favorite lime beer. So there you go. You got the double dip from my beloved Labat Blue Light and Labat Blue Light Lime. Crack a cold one, roast it responsibly and give a toast to the people who give you the hardest time. Labat is delicious. Born in Canada, brewed in the US it's brewed for the roast. All right. So I know a lot of you guys are around my age and be honest, it's not as easy as it used to be, lifting, recovery, any of those things. I mean that it even if you're doing the same workouts in the same diet, it's not as easy as it was before. I actually just found out about Mars Men which is really cool because it's consistent natural energy that you get from eight natural clinically dosed ingredients. I'm not going to go through all of them but vitamin D, zinc and more. They have a 90 day money back guarantee which is awesome. For a limited time our listeners that's you guys get 50 off for life plus free shipping and three free gifts@ Mengotomars.com that's Mengotomars.com for 50 off and three free gifts. When you check out after your purchase they will ask you where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them our show sent you and then I'll
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: say a wide receiver. I'm I am dangerously bullish on Christian Watson, especially considering what we're talking about with the unders and guys who miss games and don't come through. Watson has had some very unfortunate injuries, but I think with the the consolidation of the targets, they don't have Don Tavian Wicks and Romeo Dobbs to rotate other wide receivers off the field like they they have been and I don't think they currently have the talent to keep to rotate really, really rotate Watson off the field. I think he's their de facto number one. And I'm pretty excited based off of what he was able to accomplish in the second half coming off of the catastrophic injury, but really getting things going over the second half and being the true number one, I'm, I'm pretty excited. I don't know where his, his prop is or how you guys are feeling about him, but Watson is a player that I'm, I will reach for multiple rounds in, in fantasy drafts.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: So I want to make a point here. I try to add the football insight when I can. I would say it's especially concerning Steve and Mike when a rookie's missing time. So Jordan Tyson, the top 10 pick, Saints wide receiver. You know, not only does he have the hamstring injury which they're saying could linger into the season, but these are valuable reps for those guys. Especially you know, for the Eagles. Makai Lemon hasn't practiced in a long time. You know, rookies can end up having like lost seasons when they miss that much camp that much of the install and don't really gain the trust of the coaching staff and or quarterback. So I would say Steve, I mean the injury thing is always there but I think it's especially pronounced with rookies because it's not only the missed, you know, on field time during the season, but they're missing stuff mentally that's going to really hold them back especially early in the year. So I'd be all over some of these rookie prop bet unders season long prop bet unders right now, especially for the injured guys. I'm curious Mike, is there anybody the opposite side while we have you here, is there anybody that you feel like is being way overvalued right now?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: I mean I'm trying to find someone who, oh I can, I don't know where Judkins, where Quin Sean Judkins line is on him but I am like I am out on, on that whole situation. I think that they're, you know last year the defense was truly a special unit and I like they still have a lot of the guys and it wasn't like they got rid of Garrett Wilson or I'm sorry Miles Garrett for nothing. Like you know they've, they have some guys that could play but I think the defense takes a massive hit. The offensive line is a truly a disaster and who in the freaking world is their quarterback like desean Watson? Nothing come out of coming out of camp has looked good for him. Shedeur has looked overmatched for pretty much the majority of snaps. I've seen for him. And so to me that translates into if your offense can't keep up and your defense is not keeping the game within three points as they they frequently did last year, you just, you, you have to abandon the run. And then we factor in the tendencies of Todd Monk and the new, the new head coach and the play caller. He always, you know, over the past whatever years of we have evidence for Monken. He has a running back who leads the team in attempts and then he has a running back who leads the team in receptions. And with Dylan Sampson there, I think Dylan Sampson is going to end up being the receiving back. It won't be a three down workhorse role for Quinshawn Judkins. I mean the. You have years and years ago where you know Doug Martin, which you know Rip but he was his rookie year, he was awesome in all facets of the game. And then monkey comes in, he's like we're going to give someone else the targets. And it just that that's the way that he plays it. So I'm afraid that if they are losing frequently game script says that Dylan Sampson is going to be out there more than you want him to plus all of the other red flags of the offense. So whatever Judkins stuff is and he's coming off of the injury like he's a debilitating ankle injury. So whatever his prop is that I'm probably on the under on that one.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: You got to check out Mike on social media at FF Hitman, part of the very popular fantasy footballers. Mike, really appreciate the time. Thank you so much for coming on the show.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Hey, I appreciate you guys. Thank you.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: All right, Steve, let's dive into some of your thoughts from preseason week one and whatever you have in terms of preseason week. I thought that was a nice change up though, right. To get, get a guest on, especially someone like Mike. And here's some of the props and some of the guys he really likes and doesn't like. Especially since we got the season win totals coming up the next couple weeks.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Exactly. And I would not be surprised if Cleveland's running back Judkins does not show up on my under list for releases because I was already looking that way and and Sampson it, you know, is a really awesome third down back and I thought, I thought Mike's points were great to fade Judkins, there's a lot
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: of good points there. I mean number one, their defense shouldn't be as good. You wouldn't think. Number two, Monkin's history of liking to have a separate receiving back number three, the Browns quarterback situation. You know, they might be trailing in a lot of games and it might not be ideal for them to be running the football. So all of that makes sense. Were there any big takeaways for you, Steve, either betting preseason or significant enough that it affects how you feel about the regular season from preseason week one, scoring way down.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: This did not. This absolutely surprised me because it was very high scoring last year and this year it seemed like almost every game went under the total. I know we, we did get a few overs, but I have to question. Boy, you know, you don't want to overreact to a small sample size, but given how high scoring last year was week one and how low scoring this week was, makes me wonder if the defenses aren't going to be ahead of the offenses come the regular season as well. And Ross, your Pittsburgh Steelers. Are we going to have a quarterback controversy? My goodness. You know, Steelers put up a lot of points. Looking good.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah, well, I don't know why they're my Steelers because I live in that state. But also it is funny because I know a bunch of guys that play for the Steelers. Drew Aller, I've been around a bunch. The quarterback and then Max Hurliman, my buddy from why I'm missing had had three catches for this Dealers. So that's interesting. So that so scoring way down. All right, what about preseason week two? Because I think I have an idea of something you're gonna say. I almost want to write it down because I have an idea of what you might say, but go for it.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: So I'm a contrarian. No coach wants to go winless in the preseason and no coach wants to look bad in the preseason and get second guessed by the media. Now there's some coaches that just don't care that have had, you know, previous successes and they could mail in the entire preseason. But for the most part, coaches off a poor effort want to bounce back. But a coach off of a good effort oftentimes takes a step back and they don't give it quite the same prioritization. I haven't gone through all the games, but certain games that are on my short list here early in the week, the Niners off a loss, playing the Chargers who just won by 20. I could only look to the Niners, the Jets off of a loss. Pittsburgh played a perfect game. I could only look jets and note all these teams are catching points. Carolina against Jacksonville. Jacksonville just got a miracle win. They got outplayed the whole game and they got the win, though. Carolina got completely outplayed. I would look towards Carolina and finally Green Bay just off of a poor effort and facing Denver off of a perfect effort. There's four teams that are on my short list right now looking to bounce back and I'm catching a lot of points.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: So that's interesting because I what I thought you were going to say is I thought you might include Tuatango Bioloa and the Atlanta Falcons because they looked really bad. They got beat very badly. They have a new gm, a new head coach, plus even to himself and the starters played and it didn't go well. And, or Cam Ward and the Titans, you know, new head coach for the Titans and Robert Sala, Cam Ward. It did not go well. So I thought you were going to say these new head coaches want to make sure that, you know, they start to get some belief around what they're doing and get the quarterback to look better. So I actually thought you might go with one or both of those teams 100%.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Now, to be fair, I've only it's Monday. I haven't done my analysis on the Saturday games. I go chronologically, so I'm just starting to do all my work. But yeah, you bring up great points. I would fully endorse an Atlanta plus three bet against Indy here Week two.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Got it. Yeah, but you really, especially in the preseason, you, you really just take dogs, right? Do you ever lay points in the preseason?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Only when a line is steaming based upon starters projected. And I'll usually play like at lines, pick them and steams up to minus two and a half and I'll grab a stale minus 125. Not getting the best of the number, but no, noting that I'm going to beat the closer Ross. So often These games land 0 or 1 or 2. Laying 2 and a half is fraught with danger in the preseason.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Wow. By the way, I'm so fired up for the next couple of weeks. I love when we do our AFC season, win total bets. As a reminder, we'll do AFC next week, NFC the week after. Can't recommend enough that you subscribe to the show and turn notifications on so you're the first one that gets to consume our content, especially Tuesday and Thursday mornings during the season. It's going to be epic. YouTube.com Ross Tucker, NFL he's at Physics Sports. I'm at Ross Tucker, NFL. We're at Ross Tucker Pod. Good luck everybody. Hope you guys win some money this week.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker A: This episode is brought to you by Google Chrome you think you know a browser, but Gemini and Chrome? That's new. It can help you with practically anything on the web, like restoring a vintage motorcycle from a 50 page restoration block. Or finally break down that long article you've had open for weeks. Gemini and Chrome is here for it, ready to make anything online make sense. There's no place like Chrome. Check responses, setup required, Compatibility and availability Various 18
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: thanks for tuning in to the Even Money podcast. Make sure to also check out the College Draft Podcast and the Ross Tucker Football Podcast, Both on the DraftKings network, YouTube, or subscribe on your favorite podcast platform.
