[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Some people use ChatGPT to answer questions, others use it to get real work done. With ChatGPT work, you bring the goal plus real inputs like briefs, notes, files, feedback, data, and project plans. It can help turn them into an analysis, tracker, deck, outline, prototype or workflow. You can review and keep shaping. You stay in control, giving direction and choosing the final output. Put ChatGPT to work on your most ambitious ideas and projects. Get started@chatgpt.com by selecting work mode available on plus and Pro plans.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Amazon Health AI presents painful thoughts why
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: did I search the Internet for answers to my cold sore problem? Now I'm stuck down a rabbit hole filled with images of alarmingly graphic sores in various stages of ooze. I can clear my search history, but I can never unsee that.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Don't go down the rabbit hole. Amazon Health AI gets you the right care fast. Healthcare just got less painful.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: This is Erin Andrews from Calm down with Erin and Carissa. So I'm on the road all season long and when I'm finally home in the summer, the last thing I want is Internet that can't keep up. And with everyone home and online all day, streaming calls, the whole thing, the one thing that can't slow down is the Internet. That's why having fast, reliable Internet that can keep up really matters and why you need Optimum's famously fast fiber powered Internet. Optimum Fiber blows flaky 5G out of the water and keeps its cool with the fastest and most reliable speeds that don't slow down when things heat up. And right now they have the deal of the summer. Just $30 a month for five years. So don't wait. Call 8669-autimum, visit optimum.com or stop by your local Optimum Store today. Famously fast fiber powered Internet for $30 a month for 5 years. Can't beat it terms apply. See optimum.com for details.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: This is Daniel Cormier from the Daniel Cormier Show. This podcast is sponsored by Total Wireless, the official wireless provider of ufc. All UFC fighters know you have to stay ahead of the game in the octagon or outside of it. You either make the move or you miss the moment. That's why you need a network that never taps out. With Total Wireless you get unlimited 5G data so you can stay ahead of the action and keep up with every single knockout. Real UFC fans need real unlimited. Visit total wireless.com or stop by your neighborhood Total Wireless Store.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker F: Hey, this is Lavar Arrington here from two pros and a cup of Joe and the biggest moments in sports are Streaming live on Fox 1. From MLB on Fox 2 Big Noon Saturdays to NFL on Fox and so much more, Fox one brings you the games, the rivalries and can't miss moments all season long. And it doesn't stop when the final whistle blows. Catch the highlights, expert analysis, interviews and the stories behind the biggest moments in sports. Watch live or on demand at home or on the go stream fox Sports on Fox 1. Download the app today.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Welcome to the Favorites your Ghost to NFL Betting podcast. We are part of the Action Network family of pods. I'm Brandon Kravitz, your host. Back at it with the first lady of the podcast, Kendra Middleton. On today's show, the divisional previews continue. We stay south, but this time we're in the afc. If the NFC is the drunkest division in the NFL, this is like the designated driver division, a well coached division, some super bowl contenders, just four responsible teams who have a shot to make some noise. I'm excited to break this one down. This is like the moment that you have been waiting for all offseason. Kendra, we get to talk about your Jaguars.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: I am anxious, but I am excited for this season and
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: you have that sort of feeling where you in in the deepest recesses of your mind you do expect this team to be good. But because that expectation lives in your brain, you enter this season more nervous than anything else because you know that it's the NFL, it's sports and things can go horribly wrong.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: It's I know that better than anybody else. I think it's just the inconsistency of this team my entire life and they've never been good for an extended period of time. I know pain, I know hurt and I am ready to get hurt again, but I'm not ready to get hurt again. At the same time. This is truly like the most abusive relationship I think I've ever been in NFL preseason.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Tonight we've got a a decent slate of games. I'm I have two bets that have been logged in the app. I'm going to target the totals more than anything else. Not the biggest totals better during the season, but I think there are enough strong trends where I can get behind this and unless I get obliterated early on, we'll probably just ride this until the end. When it comes to preseason betting, I have an over and an under both logged in in the app. Do you want me to give you my reasoning as to why I found a really strong trend surrounding a certain number? But before I get to that have you placed anything as far as preseason betting or will you just be sitting back trying to adjust your fantasy rankings?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: It is my lunch hour to do list. I'm gonna shovel waffle in my mouth and look at all of the numbers for this evening. I thought I had to work tonight. Suppose like, gosh, dude, I'm not gonna be able to like sweat anything. This is gonna suck. And then I realized that I had the wrong my calendar and the event that I have to go to is tomorrow. So now I'm like, sweet. I get to get fat on my couch tonight. That rules. Might as well sweat something.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Absolutely. And. And we start there. Now, I don't think that you should just place bets simply for the sweat. Do a little research and then sweat it out. And I know that Kendra would rubber stamp that. Under 37 and a half on Lions Bengals over 36 and a half on Chargers Texans. Since 2010, the number 37 has been the key benchmark in terms of totals. Totals that have been less than 37 have gone over at a rate of 57% and totals that are south of 37 or north of 37 have gone under the rate of 56%. So if you just simply take the over on games that have a total of less than 36 and a half and the under on totals of more than 37 and a half, then you
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: will be profitable or under in the Chargers game.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: I have the over in the Chargers game.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: Okay, good. I was going to say. Is it DJ angle away tonight?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Well, I usually we end up getting a little bit of Easton stick in there if the. If the. The histories tell me anything. But let's see. DJ you and Trey Lance will be the guys that we will see rifling passes for the Chargers. Gone are the days.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: I was going to say on the Colts now.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Yeah. So I really like the idea of betting on Mike McDaniel to show some cards early on. I might in terms of getting that offense up to speed. So might be a pod bet we'll sweat a little something. Yeah. Podbet. Over 36 and a half on. Who the hell are they playing again? Chargers. Texans. For tonight. The Texans have a lot to prove offensively as well. So these are two teams that I think offensively like this be crab. The best.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: The.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: The foot. The best foot. How am I one is. How am I trying to say this? The best foot.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: They're putting their best foot forward.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Thank you very much. Jaden Daniels spokesperson informed the LSU Tigers that they will be issuing a cease and desist Order. After the University allowed cornerback D.J. pickett to wear the number five. The look on your face, that's the same number.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: His representative is definitely his fucking mom. And also, who do you think you are? Like, who do you think you are? You're not Joe Burrow.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: You.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: I've had enough. I want to love him, but his mom is annoying. He's pissing me off. I.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: Who?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: You are not even an NFL superstar and you're the LSU Tigers. Do you know how many iconic people have been to and played at that school? Like, you're not even the most famous person to come out of there in the last five years. You're not living. You're not Paul Skeens. Shut up and sit down and do something at work and maybe we can have this conversation. Get your mom off the field. Have her stop bullying your girlfriend. Sit down and shut up. This is making me so angry.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: In order to have the perspective that Kendra has on this, you only have to watch the show Quarterback on Netflix for about two and a half minutes. I promise you, Jaden Daniels had nothing to do with this. This man lets his mom run his life. Everything outside of the lines on the football field, his mom is in charge of. She is the boss lady to the most obnoxious degree. And seeing this news story come down, you know as a certainty fact that she had everything to do with it.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: Your representation is your mother. And I can't say anything because I also have a momager. But like, get a grip. You're a grown ass man. You're a grown man. Do you know how this makes your teammates and other people look at you? Like, no offense, I love my mom. My mom rules. Like, but you are a grown man at work.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: There is. You know, not to turn this into a sexist direction, but I do think that there's a difference in the way that we judge men who allow their moms, even as adults, to run their lives. There's just something that is.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: I don't know.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: I kind of look at Dion the same way with the way that he acts with Shador and the Baldad. I look at. I look at them all the same. You need to let go of your child. They're an adult. Stop micromanaging them.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Find a hobby, not the umbilical cord. Do your own thing.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: Dry.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: We're going to talk AFC south with Jamal Saint Cyr, Jags, Texans, Colts, Titans will dig into the best bets for each division participants in just a moment.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker H: This summer, there are 250 Reasons to
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Join T Mobile girls trip booked and
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker I: switching to T Mobile help make it
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker H: happen with experience beyond switch and get $100 back plus $650 in value in built in plan benefits. That's $750 in your first year guaranteed.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker J: And honestly, that hundred dollars back I'm
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker I: putting it towards the zipline now.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker H: That's how you do summer.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Exactly.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker G: Best switch I ever made.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker H: This is just one reason to join T Mobile this summer. There are 250 reasons. Find yours
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker K: Savings based on the value of benefits included with experience beyond like entertainment and one year of AAA Classic and Dash Pass on US benefits may require activation. C Plan for details get $100 via virtual prepaid MasterCard with eligible ported, no cash access and expires in six months. Issued by Sunrise Banks and a member FDIC.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Allow eight weeks ChatGPT can do more than answer questions. It can help you get real work done. ChatGPT work is built for bigger projects with multiple steps. You bring the goal along with the information it needs like briefs, notes, files, feedback, calendars, data sets or project plans. Then ChatGPT can help turn all of that into something useful an analysis, a tracker, a deck outline, a prototype, or a workflow you can keep shaping. It can also use approved apps, connected tools, files and browser context to help move the work forward. And you stay in control. You give direction, review drafts, approve actions, redirect the work, and choose the final output so you spend less time sorting through busy work and more time making progress on the work that matters. Put ChatGPT to work on your most ambitious ideas and projects. Get started@chatgpt.com by selecting work mode available on plus and Pro plans.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Amazon Pharmacy presents Painful Thoughts of course
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker J: I see my co worker in line at the pharmacy.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Can you tell I'm picking up prescription hemorrhoid cream? I'm probably standing weird. Why is he smiling? He knows he's gonna call me Hemroid Lloyd tomorrow. I know it. I gotta quit my job. Next time, avoid awkward conversations and get fast free delivery with Amazon Pharmacy Healthcare just got less painful this is Daniel
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: Cormier from the Daniel Cormier Show. This podcast is sponsored by Total Wireless, the official wireless partner of ufc. All UFC fighters know power doesn't wait in the octagon or outside of it. You either make the move or you miss the moment. That's why you need a network that's as powerful as you are. With Total Wireless, you get unlimited 5G data keeping you in on all the action, from the walkouts to the knockouts. You'll never miss a moment. That's coverage that you can count on for every single round. So when the moment happens, you're not catching up. You're already there. Now that that's a total power move. In the ufc, power isn't given, it's taken. So make your total power move today. Visit totalwireless.com or stop by your neighborhood Total Wireless Store 5G access requires a 5G capable device in a 5G service area. Monthly rates on the Total Base 5G Unlimited plan for new subscribers applies only to the monthly rate for your plan. Additional terms apply. See website for details.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker I: Nix that's Knix Leak Proof underwear is made for real life because when your day is already full, your underwear shouldn't be something you have to think about. Nyx gives you reliable leak proof protection that fits seamlessly into your routine for periods, for light bladder leaks, for workouts, for everyday freshness. Nyx Leak Proof underwear comes in a range of absorbencies from light to ultra. So if you need a little backup or all day protection, there's a pair for you. Unlike bulky protection, Nyx feels barely there with soft fabrics, moisture wicking layers and anti odor technology that keeps you feeling fresh and confident. Wear them to work, running errands, traveling, even overnight. Plus they're machine washable so you can wear them again and again. Find your perfect level of protection@knix.com and get 15% off with code flow15 that's knix.com code flow15 that's nix.com let's take
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: a closer look at the AFC South, a division that has been dominated by by the Jags and Texans since 2022. The last time one of these teams did not win the division it was the Titans in 2021. And it looks like we're shaping up to end this season in a very similar way. We'll see what the crew thinks about that one. Let's welcome in our guest on this fine Thursday, Jamal St. Cyr, sports anchor for WJXT4 in Duvall County. Jamal, welcome. Kendra could not be more excited to talk about her Jags. We are going to cover the other teams in the division but you know, obviously some extra focus on them. What's up Jamal? What's going on?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker J: Appreciate y' all having me on. Look, the AFC South's been fun. Love covering Jaguars. Kendra was the the queen of Jags. Twitter for a little while. So I mean a little while. You don't ever lose the crown, you'll never lose the crown.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: All right, maintaining Queen status on on Elon's Twitter sphere. Let's get the vibe. Check on the division in terms of. We've been doing this with every division in the NFL or. Well, this is. We're under Division 4 of our preview episodes. Where does the AFC south rank in terms of the. The hierarchy? Not of quality. We're talking intrigue. How interesting is the AFC South? This is a division of wide variance.
[00:00 - 00:01] Speaker J: Yeah, it's all over the place. I mean, I feel like you got three teams that all probably feel decent about themselves going into the season. The Titans are still, well, like in the middle of a rebuild, so we'll just not worry about them too much. But the Colts are going to be like, hey, we were rolling before Daniel Jones got hurt. We got him back healthy, we're good to go. The Texans have one of the best defenses in the league, so it doesn't get too much better than that. The Jaguars won 13 games a year ago. Felt like they. They kind of had some meat still on the bone and want to pick right back up where they left off. So, I mean, there's a whole lot of questions for all three of those teams that are kind of vying for it. Is Daniel Jones healthy? Can CJ Stroud remember what it was like when he was a rookie and sling the football around? And can Trevor Lawrence pick up where he left off last season and play a whole season like that? I mean, so all three of these teams feel good going into a year, but all three of them have big time questions for sure.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: And there's the Titans out there that are going through. They're going through a change. They never know with, you know, second year of Cam Ward, he could take a big leap. New offensive coordinator, new head coach. Kendra, I believe this is number one on your list, if I remember correctly.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: The Titans.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: No, the. Just the division as a whole. In terms of your.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: No, no, it's not.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Am I not remembering this correctly?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker L: It was.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker J: That's right.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Of course. Yes, it was the, as we labeled them on the last episode, the drunkest division.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: And they're fine. They're the least predictable. I know we've been talking about intrigue, and I know that most people don't care about the NFC south, but it's going to be the most unpredictable. And to me, that's intriguing.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: I think if the NFC south is the drunkest division, the AFC South, I've deemed them the designated driver division. Like this would be more. They're more dd.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: I don't know. I don't think Jacksonville, Nashville, Houston and Indianapolis really fit the vibe of being a driver. But the cities are that almost instead of playing in Disney World, played at the Daytona 500.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: I know, yeah. And city wise, that doesn't make a lot of sense. But in terms of predictability, I think that if this division were to lay out predictably, it would be the Jags or Texans separated by a game at the end of the year, followed by the Colts, followed by the Titans. There's, there's, that, there's wide variance, of course, because some of these teams could take big leaps forward, like Tennessee. Some could really crash back down to earth like Indianapolis. But I think this division sets up to be if one of the more predictable. Jamal. Are the Texans rightful favorites, though? Because The Jags won 13 games last year, they return a lot of the same pieces. There's continuity there, something Trevor Lawrence rarely has. Do you think the Texans are the best team in the division as we enter into the preview?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker J: I mean, look, it's tough to, like, avoid the Texans, right? That defense is elite, it's stacked. But the Jaguars are kind of holding the crown from last year. We'll see. I, I, I can understand why you say the Texans would be the favorite and why a lot of people see it that way, but, I mean, if you watch C.J. stroud play ball in the playoffs, that'd be enough of a selling point for a question mark for me as to, you know, what they can do. But that defense can probably carry him. But people still look at the Jaguars the way they did a couple years ago, and this isn't exactly the same team. They've done a whole lot of work to flip this roster. Liam Cohen has a whole different energy in that building. They have a whole different mentality and different expectations. So, I mean, I'd say, hey, you won it last year. You should be the favorite going in to retain your title. That's how I'd look at it.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: Is there any concern for you for the no excuses aspect of CJ Stroud? We were at one point during a playoff game last year discussing whether he should be put on the bench or not. They make a lot of moves on the offensive line and he's getting his favorite target back. Are there any excuses, excuses for him or is it do or die?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker J: I think he's got to do it. I think he's got to do it. I mean, he, when he, he was great as a rookie, but it, since then, it's kind of just tailored off and he's been terrible. So I, I think it's at that point where it's do or die where you're running out of the excuses. I mean, you got that good of a defense. Their super bowl window should be open right now. And I mean, C.J. stroud was out there. Terrible, terrible in the playoffs. The defense did everything they could to keep him in the game. So I. I think he's out of them. I think he's got to go and do it. I mean, he's even cut the hair. So, I mean, I don't know if that changes the vibes or not, but if it works, it works.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: How long is the leash?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker J: That's tough because last year when they put Davis Mills in, he had him rolling a little bit. He was playing better ball than what they saw from CJ A lot. So I think they'll give him a decently long leash because they don't want to go back to Davis Mills because you kind of know what he is. But at some point, if CJ doesn't have it, there's gonna have to be a tough conversation because if not, they're going to be looking at Coach Ryan's like, hey, buddy, if you can't make this decision, we'll find somebody who can.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: I'm glad that Kendra started with the Texans, because that is where I wanted to kick off our individual team previews. They have never gotten out of the divisional round in the history of this franchise, which doesn't date back that long, but they're 0 and 7 in their franchise's history in divisional round games. So it's very clear what they're trying to do, which is to break that trend. They've got the top flight defense, as we mentioned. Many consider the Texans defense to be the top unit in the NFL. The question is, do they have enough to overcome some of the holes offensively? You had 27 sacks last year from Will Anderson and Daniel Hunter. It. It feels like there's so many teams with obvious question marks. The defense is one, Jamal, that we just. I don't even know if we need to spend time on it because there's just. It's an obvious that this defense is going to be elite. Is it enough to carry them, though?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker J: Yeah, look, that defense is that good. I mean, you're talking about them. Leave off that they've got Stingley back there who is elite at corner. I mean, that defense is absolutely stacked. And you know what? They should be better offensively than they are when you got a wide receiver like Nico Collins, who's really good. But we'll see their big offensive move is Adding David Montgomery to that backfield, does that help add more juice than what they had in Nick Chubb? Absolutely. But that defense should be good enough to carry them. The big question is, does the offense let them down? I mean, that's what happened to them late in the season. And a lot of the games last year where the offense just wasn't good enough.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: Does this give you 2017 Jacksonville Jaguars, Saxonville and Blake Bortles vibes where that defense was just, in my biased opinion, probably a top five defense we ever saw jail at that point in the season and Blake Bortles just somehow being a wannabe construction worker getting it done. Does it have to be that type of season and that type of run for this Texans team?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker J: Yeah, it kind of.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: CJ is better than Blake Bortles was. Let's put some respect on CJ's name.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: Okay? How many AFC Championships games has CJ Stroud been to?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: I mean, that's fair. That's fair. I'm just. If you're giving me the two, I'm going to take CJ every day of the week.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: I'm going to take cigarettes and construction.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker J: He's the boat for a reason. Right. But the vibes do match. You're right. Look, they went and got their Leonard Fournette and David Montgomery. They just need CJ Stroud to try and be Blake Bortles. They've got the Saxonville. When you start talking about Denal Hunter and Will Anderson, you've got your Jaylen Ramsey and Stingley on the back end. I mean, it, it. You're right. It's there. And they need that kind of run where it's just like, okay, can CJ play just good enough ball to not get in the way of what we're doing defensively is kind of where they're at. Like, hey, he can't be this bad, right?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: I, I'm just blown away. I get that. The guy threw four interceptions and a half against the New England Patriots. I was watching that game too, guys.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: But Blake Bord was never questioned to be benched in the playoffs.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: I'm just saying he's three years into his career. Two of the years he was really good. Last year was a step back and then he was terrible in the playoffs and, and I think Kendra brought up a really good point as far as getting the top target back. Not necessarily the top target, that's Nico Collins, but his favorite target. Tank Del last year and CJ Stroud taking a step backwards. I think those two things are correlated. Tankdale Took a massive step in the right direction in terms of his recovery. He actually caught a touchdown pass in practice the other day. He looks smooth. This could be the under the radar guy for the Texans or if he is able to stay on the field. Jamal, I've got a lot more faith that that offense can be good enough and Stroud can be a lot closer to see let's pick a requisite quarterback, Jared Goff than he is Blake Bortles.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker J: A little Jared Goff.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker L: Okay.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker J: They could make that work.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Look, I can see Jared Goff at him.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker J: I could see that. I could see that look. Tank Dell's good. The question with him is can he stay healthy? Right? I mean that's been the knock. When he's played, he's been great and that is C.J. stroud's go to guy, a security blanket. But at this point it's also not even just can he stay healthy. How much juice does he have left? Because we have. It's been so long, so many injuries have kind of stacked up on this guy. He's undersized. His thing was his quick, twitchy nature. Does he still have that same twitch that he had before the injuries kind of stacked up and sidelined him for so long? So I mean we'll see. But they do have some good guys on that, on that roster. I mean Nico Collins is elite. He is absolutely elite. And then those two wide receivers that they drafted from Iowa State, Higgins, he's really good. He started to come on for the Texans late last season and he's a guy that, that should take another big step forward for him.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: Final question from me on the Texans. I think the ceiling for them is 13 and 4 and the floor is 9 and 8. What's more likely in your opinion?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker J: I'd say that the, the 13 is probably more likely. The 13 is probably more likely. That Texans team is good. I think Coach Ryan's is one of the best in the league. He's going to get the most out of that defense. Even if CJ reverted back to where he was at, like the worst of the worst, that defense is going to drag them along. So I, I think the Texans are going to be in for a good, a good season. 13 wins seems about right of where they could be and, and David Montgomery still got some juice and that's an upgrade at running back from them from where they were a year ago, big time.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Their leading rusher last year was Woody Marks who barely cracked 700 yards. This is something that they need in that offense to help Their slightly above average quarterback in C.J. stroud. Their win total sitting at nine and a half. I do think the over on the Texans would be a smart bet. Kendra, best way to bet the Houston Texans and have you done so already in any form?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: I refuse to bet anything in this division for religious purposes, but I think that if you're going to probably coach of the year is the way that I would look.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Okay. I like that on d' Ameco Ryan's I've already bet the Texans plus one and a half against Buffalo in week one at home. This is something that Evan Abrams and I tracked and targeted when the schedules came out. So that one is already in the app. And this is not on purpose, guys. I've become the CJ Shroud guy all of a sudden. But I think his over on passing yards, 3,549 passing yards. The over to me is in play with Tank Dell back and improved offensive line. This should be attainable. He hit this in his pants walking
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: into the first day of training camp. And those shorts and your betting on this man.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Now that was not a, not, not his swaggiest moment. Let's move on. Let's move on to the most Jekyll and Hyde team of 2025, the Indianapolis Colts. A 7 and 1 start and then they finished going 1 and 8 down the stretch. And this perfectly coincided with two things. One, they overperformed to start the year. Even if they had stayed healthy, they were going to fall off to a degree. Two, Danny Dimes went down and they also dealt with injuries to their secondary. Charvarius Ward only played seven games. Sauce Gardner, who they acquired from the jets, only played in four games after they brought him in on that deal. It's basically win or blow it up for the Indianapolis Colts. Chris Ballard did not have his contract extended as the gm and I would think that Shane Steichen has been given fair shake. He was hired in 2023. If it doesn't work out, I think they probably clean house. Are you with that sort of mindset, Jamal?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker J: Yeah, look, I, I think it's at that point for sure where you've made these moves. You've gone and you, you jettison Michael Pitman Jr. You let him roll out. You bring in Sauce Gardner last season.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker H: Yeah.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker J: If it doesn't work, you got to make some drastic things and hit the reset button. I mean the question is, who is Danny Dimes? Is he the guy that we saw from the Giants most of his career? Is it the guy that had the One decent year in New York or is it the guy that was playing like lights out ball to start last season before the injury? So somewhere in there is the reality of who Daniel Jones is and that's kind of going to be determining a lot of jobs.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: Do you think that there is any chance that we see someone other than Daniel Jones this year? I know that they have really put all of their eggs in one basket with him, but I've heard some rumblings of maybe Anthony Richardson traded Riley Leonard was about as serviceable as I think Anthony Richardson would be for them in that offense. Do you think that they're committed to Daniel Jones once again? We're talking about how long is the leash here. But he's coming back from a pretty insane injury. And to be honest, their schedule is one of the tougher ones in the division. They start out with the Ravens, the Chiefs, the Texans commanders Steelers get a little bit of a break and then they're just right back in the thick of it. So it's. It might be tough sledding off the rip, which makes me concerned for Daniel Jones longevity as a starter.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker J: Yeah, look, I'm with you. I, I was skeptical when they started saying he was going to be ready to go to start the season. I mean that, that Achilles injury, you don't. Those are things you don't want to rush back from. I mean, Indianapolis should know all about like not rushing back from Achilles injuries. I mean they've had a tough spring of them, especially when you start talking about like Tyrese Halliburton for the Pacers. So I don't know. Is there a chance that he goes out there and gets hurt again? Sure. I don't know if it's Anthony Richardson though. I think that boat is. Has sailed at.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: Is he partially blind?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: He.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker J: I can at least say you can see because I've seen he's been working out here in Jacksonville over the course of the off season. So I've seen him at least throw some passes. I'll put it there.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: Fear unlocked with the Breaking your orbital bone with the.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Really worried about this. She's been freaking out about the.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: About the resistance band two episodes in a row now. It genuinely. I fear for my life every time I use a workout band now
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker J: he's ever heard of that happening to that.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: That is. And he got injured in college if I remember correctly, doing a tick tock dance. So he doesn't have the best injury. Look that up. That's a real story.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: Okay.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Nobody, by the way, nobody tries to bench quarterbacks faster than Kendra Middleton. This is now back to back teams or you're benching the quarterback midway.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker G: There's legitimate questions. Okay, don't. Anyways, I would like to handicap Jonathan Taylor. I ask myself every single season, when will him and Derrick Henry finally look old? Is it a year to continue to hitch myself to the Jonathan Taylor, whether it's, you know, betting or fantasy or whatever wagon or do we think that we finally see him start to look maybe his age?
[00:01 - 00:02] Speaker J: No. Hitch Hitch the trailer to jt. Hitch the trailer to jt. Jonathan Taylor is still elite. He's going to be carrying that offense. I, I have full belief in that. That offensive line is, is a solid bunch too. That's what helped Daniel Jones a lot last season is Indy did a good job at building that offensive line and that's helped Jonathan Taylor a lot of. I think Jonathan Taylor's going to keep on rolling. The biggest question for that offense is just is Daniel Jones able to stay healthy? Is he ready to go to start the year and can he play the way he did the beginning of last season?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah. And the, one of the things that I think is forgotten about with Daniel Jones is that he was, he was in the MVP debate midway through the season, even if we sort of forced him in there. But he also had a fracture in his fibula in November, played through it, and then he ruptured his Achilles. This guy was already battling an injury. I don't know if one led to the other. I'm not a doctor, but the guy is tough as nails and I do think it speaks well to him that he's trying to come back this quickly. Another piece to this offense that we should discuss is that Michael Pittman is gone. He's been their number one wide receiver for years now. They gave Alec Pierce the most ludicrous contract for any wide receiver in the NFL. Four years, $114 million for a guy who has never been a number one. They still have Josh Downs. We love Tyler Warren. Are they too JT Reliant though? With now Michael Pittman gone, I think
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker J: Josh Downs is the guy who's going to eat. I really do. Josh Downs has been really good when he's gotten chances and I think this is just going to open up a little bit more volume for him. Alec Pierce is one of those guys that shows up from at times. I mean, I can think back to some. A couple of Jaguars Colts games where Alec Pierce put it, put it the Colts on that is back in the fourth quarter just scoring touchdowns. He just hasn't been able to consistently do it. But I think Josh Downs is the guy in that offense that I think is going to be the big beneficiary of Pittman being gone, where he's going to eat underneath and, like, be able to turn some of that stuff up as long as he can stay healthy.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: Christian Kirk deserves an apology for the amount of shit that he got for that contract. All right. Arden Key really doing a tour of the AFC South. He is an Indianapolis Colt. Now, this defense on paper looks like it should be beyond serviceable. What are your expectations for them? Are they going to have to pull more than their weight to keep this team in any sort of conversation this season?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker J: I mean, they were playing lights out ball defensively last year. I think they'll be fine. I don't know that they're going to be an elite group. You know, you're depending on Sauce Gardner at corner. Whenever you invest that heavily in a corner and all the other pieces aren't already together on the defense, you start asking questions because you're like, yeah, look, he's not just going to revolutionize what you do defensively, but I think they'll be a decent group. Arden Key definitely has been around everywhere at this point.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: Still has no keys to the city.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker J: Hey, change the city, change the culture. Everywhere in the AFC south,
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: it's. You took the words right out of my mouth in the way that you describe the Indianapolis Colts. I have note here on my computer that says nice pieces, not elite. You have DeForest Buckner's old. I like their secondary. They really. We don't really get a good read of them last year because they were so banged up. It's like the undertold story everybody talks about Daniel Jones. Their secondary was ravaged with injuries as well. Zaire Franklin is gone. I think anytime a team loses their captain on defense, I worry a little bit. But Liatu Latu is. Is one of my favorite defensive players in the league. What is the best case scenario for them? So I think when I talk about variance with this division, I'm mostly talking about them because I really don't know if. Is the ceiling in the floor? Is it all that different with this team or are they basically like ceilings? Nine and eight floors? Eight and nine?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker J: Yeah, I'm, I'm probably right about there. They're good enough that they're not just going to fall off a cliff. But I mean, best case scenario, everybody stays healthy. Jonathan Taylor has like a crazy year. What does that get you? Maybe 10 wins, maybe 10 like on schedule, man.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: That schedule is if they get to
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: the playoffs and don't get embarrassed. Let's say it's a wild card exit, but it's a fun game. Is that enough? We talk. We opened the conversation with them talking about the coach and the gm. Is that enough to preserve jobs in Indianapolis with the way the roster is constructed? I think the answer is yes. But I'm curious what you think on that.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker J: I think that buy him another year. I think that buy them another year. It would be interesting. But you know, getting to the playoffs, especially with that team after last year, would be at least a step in the right direction. But I think that would buy them another year. I don't think the seat's quite that hot just yet.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: I have an interesting way to bet them. Kendra. My favorite way to bet the Colts this year. Under two and a half divisional wins. They only had two last year. With how good they were, they only won two games in the division. I could see them losing to Jacksonville and Houston two times a piece.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: Yeah.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: One win against the Titans and we clear this with ease.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: Is Carly Ursay gonna be on the sidelines again? Because she's kind of the vibe tribe leader.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker D: I.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Do we like. Do we like the vibe? You like the vibe that she.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: Yeah, I really. Yeah, she. She served down on the sidelines last year. She was like locked in and honestly, I contribute part of their success to her being down there with her notepad. She's kind of the vibe tribe leader.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker J: I'm in on the headset.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: Yeah, she's kind of that girl.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: As long as she's not overstepping any. Any owner that oversteps is not good for their team. Jerry Jones, I'm talking to you. But if she's just down there just to. Just to know the ins and outs of what's going on. I respect the hell out of that she gives.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: Roz from Monsters Inc. But hot
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: hell of a comp. Someone please on the YouTube feed throw that image up just so for people out there can understand who Kendra is
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: turning into an attractive behind the scenes, like puppet master. She's in charge of the guys in the orange shoe. 2259 or whatever that is.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Carly or say I didn't realize that that Roz was your type. Any other way to bet the Colts, Kendra, before I move on, I just
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: think that their schedule's too tough. I. I'm probably leaning the under here, but like I said, for religious purposes. I try to avoid this division, their team. You know what Tyler Warren's season totals.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Actually, that's not bad. That was a great bet last year. He cleared that with ease. Seven and a half is there is their win total and I think it would be under nothing. Okay, let's talk about your Jacksonville Jaguars. We push them towards the back of the preview for dramatic effect. The Jags took a big leap forward last year. Thirteen wins, a division title. Almost took down Josh Allen in the wild card around. Great year one for Liam Cohen. The Jags want consistency, Jamal. This is a franchise that has finished in every possible position in the AFC south for five years. Fourth, first, second, third, first. That's the last five years for the Jags. This is a bipolar franchise. I'm a believer. Should the Jags look as good in year two under Liam Cohen as they looked in year one?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker J: Yeah, look, I think this should be a very different season for the Jaguars than they did in year one, because year one, the offense kind of limped out of the gates a little bit, right? They were still figuring it out. There was all kind of like operational issues. All that stuff should be out the window because they kind of figured it out late in the season. They've got the gang back together. Brian Thomas Jr. I was talking to him just the other day and he's like, man, the difference a year can make for how I feel in this offense. You know, Parker Washington was on fire at the end of last season. He's picked right back up where he's left off. I think offensively they're going to be good right out of the gate. So I think the expectations should be high and they are high. And they, they really didn't lose as much as people are are making a big deal about losing. Travis H.N. and Devin Lloyd and I know the NFL top 100 ranked Devin Lloyd, crazy high. I, I, I've watched Devin Lloyd his entire career. I ain't buying it.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: Oh, okay.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Like I said on the last episode, there's a reason they didn't pay this guy. Yeah, don't overrate his arrival in Carolina.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: I have so many questions, but I am a scarred fan. There are so many people online who have been in and out of camp saying that this is the, the best Jaguars team that has ever been assembled that they've ever seen. I personally have PTSD from when Mr. Khan said that and they went out there and sucked ass. What are your thoughts of this team heading into the season? Can we get a TLDR of everything you've seen go down in camp so far?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker J: I don't know if they're the best team I've ever seen. But offensively, I mean, that wide receiver room is stacked like Parker Washington is good. Brian Thomas is good. We've seen enough from Travis Hunter. They're going to use him at wide receiver. They're going to use him at corner. And when he's out there, he's back to where he was in his Heisman run. Plus muscle like he is, athletic, he's fast. He can go out there and make plays. The biggest question on the offense is the offensive line. They've moved Anton Harrison from right tackle to left tackle. The right side of the offensive lines in shambles. Cole Van Lannen, who was their Mr. Do It all on the offensive line last year, he's still coming back. He's on the PUP list right now. So they have no idea what they're doing on the right side of that offensive line right now. So that's their big question there. Defensively, look, Coach Canel was in the lab this offseason, okay? He has been dialing up blitzes and absolutely, like, re. Wrecking shop. He wants them to get to the quarterback. He's got all kinds of combinations out there. They got a lot of guys that can do a little bit of a lot of things, so they've been tinkering with it. I think the defense is going to be, like, way improved from what it was a year ago.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: Okay, because that's my concern. We obviously have seen Campanile elevate these linebackers, but to be honest, the linebackers are a big question mark for me. What position are you the most concerned about heading into the season? I would say running back and linebacker for me, but I will take other opinions.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker J: I think running back and offensive line are the two that. That concern me the most. So both offensively, which is why I. I'm. Liam's gonna figure out how to dial it up offensively. Like, I've seen enough from him to know that. I mean, he's out there, man, the defense kicked our butts today, and it pisses me off. So I know he's going right back inside to figure it out. Liam's gonna figure out. Offensively, Tootin's good, he's fast, but he's just never done it. Chris Rodriguez is a tough runner, and he. He's looked good from what we've seen as he's gotten healthy, but he really hasn't done it in a large capacity. Offensive lines, been. I mean, they're trying everybody at this point on the right side of that offensive Line to figure it out. Linebacker. I'm not that. I think Devin Lloyd, that was the career year when he, whenever he retires, that will be the best year of his career.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: I don't hate that.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker J: So, you know, you let him go to Carolina. They got a guy from last year, Branson Combs, who was undrafted, who was a wide receiver when he started his college career and now he's a linebacker. So he has a great athletic ability there. Talking to his linebacker coach, he's like, yeah, you can see that he was wide receiver the way he moves out there. His parents played basketball so he can jump out the gym. Like, they are extremely excited for Branson Combs and he's competing for that starting job and I think he's the guy who's going to ultimately win it.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: I think for this team to reach their upside, which I have bet on, so I'm in on this. But they have to get better. As you mentioned, when it comes to sacking the quarterback, they were 27th in sacks last year with 32. And they were, they were in like Arizona Cardinals territory. You can't win a Super bowl like that. And it's puzzling to me, Jamal, because they have, it's not like. Well, a lot of teams that struggle to get after the quarterback, you look at their edge pieces and you go, well, there you go. You got to get better edge rushers, the Jags don't need that. They have Josh Hines Allen, they have Trayvon Walker coming off of the edge. So why, why did this ha. How do you have guys that are that talented that can't sack the quarterback? Is it a secondary issue or the. The receivers are just too running too wild and free so the edge pieces can't get to the quarterback. What is the read on that? And is this something that can be corrected?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker J: I think it's a little bit of a couple of things, right, Trayvon? I mean, he's built like an old Ford truck. Like nothing hurts this guy. But last season was the first time in his NFL career he, he's dealt with injuries. He played part of the year with a cast on his wrist. He had a knee brace on. By the end of the year he's back healthy. So he was banged up. He had kind of started stacking and getting better each season. He had back to back double digit sack years before that. And last year he missed some games when dealing with the injury, so he should be back. And then even late last season, they started moving around the defensive line to where he's not just Lining up on the edge anymore. He's finally getting some passing snaps inside at defensive tackle. Josh Hines Allen is good at impacting the quarterback. He always is near the top of the league and pressures he gets back there. But the sack numbers, man, he's always like that close. He gets the quarterback hits, he gets the pressures, but he can't quite like finish the job. He had the one major season that got in the contract, but he hadn't been able to capitalize or stack off of that. Right. But they've doubled down that. They think a big part of why they had so many pressures or quarterback hits and they were able to impact the quarterback last year. But the problem was in the secondary is what they felt like. So they went ahead and made the change. They let Greg Newsom go, he moved on and went to to New York. But you're going to move Travis Hunter to where he's going to play more corner. I think he's a good receiver. I think Travis Hunter is an elite cornerback and I mean I've seen that dating back to last season. Just the way he moves that corner is different, man. And the ball skills that makes him so good at receiver is what makes him even crazier. Good at corner because he just plays it like it's, oh, you're throwing it my way. Great. So you put him over there where quarterbacks are going to have to at least think twice before they sling it his way. Buster Brown was basically your cornerback one most of last season and he played some really good ball for them. They feel like the improvements in the secondary are going to make the quarterback hold the ball just that much longer, which is going to let them get some more sacks.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: Talk to me about btj, obviously one of the most electric rookie careers we've seen in quite some time. Massive fall off last year. What should the expectations be for him? Should it be who we saw him be as a rookie? Should it be somewhere in between who we saw last year? In his rookie season, how's he looked? What, what should the realistic expectations be of him this year?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker J: His rookie season was record breaking so that's tough to ever like top right. But BTJ can be the guy. He can be that guy he talked to. I talked to him like two days ago and he was talking about how over the offseason he changed his, his diet. He got more intentional about how he works out because he wanted to prepare his body. He said, I was just trying some stuff and then I got to OTAs and I could feel the difference in My body. So I said, oh, let me keep doing this. He looks better than I've ever seen him on the practice field as a rookie. His practices were kind of mess, so we were real quiet leading up and then he got to the game field and turned the lights on and was great. Last season was up and down, right? But we keep saying it's a down year. It was a down year. Form with 800 yards like that tells you just how good everybody believes he can be. And I think he can be better than that. He's shown it out there on the practice field. He looks ready to go. Last season he did have some injuries that he kind of kept quiet and played through. There was a wrist injury, there was an ankle injury and he just was never really healthy. So like going through this off season and this training camp, he's like, man, I'm running and it's pain free again. So some of that stuff was weighing on him last year where like during training camp we could see it.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker L: He.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker J: There were a couple of times during training camp where he stayed on the ground and the trainers checked on him and they were like, oh no, he's fine. And he came back. So he was working through some stuff all season long. I think BTJ is going to be back in that realm of where he was as a rookie and the bar is going to go back up for this guy.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker G: All right, talk to me about the running back room. I am really concerned about this position group. I get the facial tune, probably going to be the concern consistent guy that they're going to rely on. But Chris Rodriguez and Liam Cohen seem to have some chemistry, assuming from Kentucky days. And I wouldn't rule out LA Quinn Allen. I know that he was more of a return guy last year, but I could see him also making some moves up this depth chart. What should be the expectation? Is there any vulnerability at that starting spot? What do you think?
[00:02 - 00:03] Speaker J: Look, I think Tootin's the guy that has the lead on this thing. Chris Rodriguez came in, got hurt during the off season, so that didn't help him. So Tootin kind of has a stranglehold on it right now and he's the guy. I think if you want to talk about like baseball, Basil Tootin represents a home run or at least a triple. I mean you're talking about a guy who was your short yards back a year ago because he's short and stocky built, but he also has like 4:3 speed. So he's the big play waiting to happen on the other end. You got Chris Rodriguez. Who best case scenario, what is he? Maybe a double or a single. He gets you on base and he's going to get you rolling. But from what I've seen from him out in training camp with the pads on, he runs tough, he looks solid and like the coaching staff described him as, efficient. You know you're going to go out there, hand him the ball, he's going to get exactly what's blocked, maybe an extra yard or two. So he's going to keep you on schedule and that's the type of guy that's tough to keep off the field. We might be heading for a full on committee with this thing because if Chris Rodriguez can be as efficient as the coaches think he is, he's the kind of guy you keep giving the football to.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: So I've heard setting Chris Rodriguez week one, anytime on it, I think that'll be.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: It'll be more than a week one bet for you. I think we're going to be probably riding that to the bye week. If I had to guess. Did it bother you at all the way that James Gladstone drafted entering into a season where they're supposed to be uber competitive, the draft class, sometimes it has a big impact on a team's run to a potential championship. Sometimes it doesn't matter. But Nate Borkicher with a round two pick let a little a little excited about this new formation of using extra tight ends on the field. Did that bother you at all or do you think that's not really a factor as far as the season goes?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker J: I don't think it's a factor for this season. I mean realistically if he's tight in two and can be competent, that's a big upgrade for this Jaguars offense because last year their tight end two was a revolving door. I mean they started off the year with Hunter Long. By the end of the year Hunter Long wasn't even active on game day. They bumped up Johnny Munt and Johnny Munt's a great tight end three, but I never want to see a quarterback throw Johnny M a pass again. I'm sorry, it just is what it is. Quentin Morris started the year on the practice squad. By the end of the year he was tight end two. Right now he's tight in four. On their depth chart they've so they've made a massive like stride there. So if Bork Richer can come in and just be competent enough to catch a pass, if they throw it his way and he's open and run block, that's an upgrade for them. And honestly, that draft class, he drafted so many guys. If he hits on a couple of the day three guys, nobody's going to talk about Nate Borkucher in the second round. I like their receivers they got on day three and Josh Cameron and C.J. williams. They're probably not guys that'll play much this year, but in a year or two, I think they're going to be guys people are paying attention to. So nobody's going to even be worried about that anymore.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: You want to know what's crazy? Hunter Long caught the first touchdown of the season for a 13 and 4 team. And I would just like to say shout out BC Eagles and shout out the state of New Hampshire.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker D: Thank you for that.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: One other one. As the season went, I don't, I don't remember.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: I don't think so. Hunter Long moments he got injured like week three or four and that was kind of, that was kind of it for him. But he was, he had a really weird career. I think he got drafted by Miami, went to la, came to Jacksonville like he was all over the place.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Yeah.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker J: Yeah. I don't think after he got healthy again, they never put him back in the games.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: First touchdown of the season though.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: All right, I'm not saying this just to suck up to you guys, but I think the best way to bet the Jags this year, I have. I have a couple. I'll save one for the end of the episode, but let's go all in, 30 to 1 to win the Super Bowl. Those odds to me are out of whack when you compare this team with other teams in the AFC. The Chargers are 17 to 1 1. What's the difference? The Texans, who I like are 18 to 1. You have the Jags.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: At least Trevor Lawrence can win a playoff game in comparison to freaking Justin Herbert.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: I get positive regression in terms of edge rush. Trevor Lawrence with the second year of a good system which we've never seen what that looks like.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: The offensive line scares me.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: The line does scare me a little bit. But I do trust sometimes what can overcome bad line plays. Really good play calling and I do trust. Get somebody in here and Travis Hunter. Speaking of f them picks, Travis Hunter is barely a factor last year and now he is. So that's my best way to bet the Jags 30 to 1 to win the bowl. What about you, Kendra?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: Once again, I think the over is probably the way that I look here. My concern, God forbid, the lack of quarterback depth, even if he goes down for a single play scares the out of me.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: I was waiting for you to say religiously that you can't bet on the.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: No, I love the over. But like, even if Trevor like needs a playoff, I'm like,
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Let's move to the Tennessee Titans. You know, for a minute there under Jeff Fisherman, years later with Mike Rabel, they were the model of consistency in the NFL, but that has flown out the window in recent years. For the fourth straight year, they have either a new head coach or a new general manager or both that are on the scene. This year it's Robert Salah, who I thought never got a fair shake with the New York Jets. I really like their direction. I just don't love the Titans roster compared to the other rosters within this division. So it's hard for me to all the way buy in with Tennessee just because I don't think they stack up all that well. Jamal, are you more on the optimistic or pessimistic side when it comes to the Tennessee Titans?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker J: Pessimistic? I, I'm. I'm more optimistic on CJ on Cam Ward than anything else. I mean, I think the Titans roster struggles. I think it's better than it was a year ago, but it's still not where it needs to be. Cam Ward was dealt such a bad hand a year ago that wasn't even fair. I mean, he was tossing the football to guys that, I mean, shouldn't have been catching passes and undrafted free agents. Playing at wide receiver at that point that they're leaning on is just a tough spot for the Titans and I think they're still deep in that rebuild.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: I'm on the opposite side of you here. I'm actually a little nervous about the Titans. Do I think that this is the best roster in the world? No. But with the coaching and with the upgrades of weapons for Cam Ward, this gives me the vibe of a Titans team where you got to be careful because they might just pop you in the mouth while you're not thinking about it. That is my fear with them in any divisional situation. That being said, I've mentioned that I like the upgrades on the offense, weapon wise for Cam Ward. I like the addition of Gunner Helm. I loved they reached for Carnell Tate at that spot instead of doing something that we all expected Robert Sala to do, which was draft someone on defense. What's your bigger concern concern for them here? The offense or the defense?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker J: I. I think the offense is going to be fine. Coach D in there as the offensive coordinator, I think he's going to get a lot of good work out of Cam Ward. I think their defense is still a work in progress. But you know, Robert Sal is a defensive guy. He's going to be in the trenches with those guys, trying to get the most out of them. So we'll see. I, I don't know if they're ready to get there just yet, but I am a huge believer in that first year coach juice. Like nobody knows exactly what this coaching staff wants to do. Generally you can come out of the, out of the gates and, and punch some folks in the mouth like you said. I mean, so maybe, maybe. But I, I don't know. I still feel like there, there are maybe a year away in their rebuild from really being able to go out there and compete.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: What are your thoughts on Robert Salah's hiring? Do you think that him not finding success with the jets says more about the jets? Or do you think it says more about Robert Sala just because he's been successful? Such a consistent defensive guy for the 49ers and the jets obviously are the Jets. Where do you land in the middle of those two situations?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker J: Can it be a little bit of a both, right? I mean, sure, I, I think it's a little bit of both. I think there are guys that just aren't head coaches. I think Dennis Allen is one of the best defensive coordinators in the NFL. I think he's a terrible head coach. There, there are people where you just need, just coordinate, stick to one side the football. Looking at it from the top down isn't for them and we'll see. This is going to be Robert Salas probably last crack at being a head coach in the NFL. Either it's going to work or he's going to be back to being a coordinator. And I think he's a really good coordinator. So that's the tough spot where he finds himself. And there are guys that, that's where. And there's nothing wrong with being a really good coordinator.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: Josh McDaniels.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker J: Josh McDaniels.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: I think Brandon Staley is one of the guys that I think of. Love him as the D.C. new Orleans. He was a disaster in LA.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: Okay, my, my, my coaching follow up. Do you put anything into the bald militia? Do you think that they are all bald on purpose to make, to just come together and hopefully get a singular follicle of hair to try and find success? Or do you think that he just made the best hires that he could. He could. Regardless of their hairstyles?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: I can say. Let me answer this first, Jamal. As a bald guy, we do have a preference towards you other bald dudes? We do. Big time.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker D: Okay.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: There's like a. There's an unspoken brotherhood between us.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker J: An unspoken brotherhood is crazy. But you know what? Maybe he was just trying to put together a gang for after the games just in case he needs them for Liam Cohen if they get into it again. Because now you got to see him twice a year.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: Wax on, wax off.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: See what the. What is the upside of this Tennessee Titans team? I'm looking at the depth chart and I love the moves they've made. They've invested a lot in the offense over the last couple of years. I think a fun offensive team that struggles to stop anyone on defense.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker J: Yeah.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: That is at their best in the hunt. When we're having Christmas games on Netflix, that kind of feels like the upside of the Tennessee Titans. Do you think they can at least get to that point?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker J: Yeah, I think that feels about right. If Cam Ward can put it together, which I think he can, and they've got him some better wide receivers now if Carnell Tate is what they expect him to be out there, that offense should be able to put some points on the board and at least be fun to watch to where they can get to December and at least be talking about a wild card playing meaningful games in December. Yeah, I think. I think that's best case scenario. That's realistic.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: So for me, offensive Rookie of the year question mark.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Okay, I like that. I think. Is that. Would you say best way to bet the Titans Carnell Tate, offensive rookie of the Year?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: I think so.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: I don't mind that at all. I know a lot of people flocking
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: to the window McMillan vibes.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: If Mendoza doesn't play one of these and Jeremiah loves offense stinks because he's on the Cardinals. I think Cardinals.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: I don't think that's going to happen. Carson Beck might be my poll actually, to be completely transparent with you, I
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: thought that you had already placed that. So.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: No. I should though thank you for reminding me.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: You got it. Anytime. I still need to place that Kellen Moore coach of the year bet. I think if I have them in the hunt, I'd at least like to be holding onto that ticket. I. This is one of those bets where I think. I think it's smart to pick a couple of teams that nobody expects to make it to the postseason. Just plant your flag to use the branding of this show on those teams at a really good number. The Titans plus 5:50 to be a wild card team is a really fun look. Now specifically to make the wild card. You actually get a better number on them as specifically a wild card then to make the playoffs is plus 3. 40. They're not winning this division. If they sneak in, it'll be via the wild card. Plus 550 titans make the playoffs. I'll cross my fingers on that one, but it'll be a long shot. Jamal St. Sear, sports anchor for WJXT4 in Duvall county where and how can people find you, my friend?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker J: You can track me down on any social media platform. Just J, S, T C Y R T V Always covering the Jaguars. Appreciate you guys having me on. It's been fun, a lot of fun.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Thanks so much. Joel. A phenomenal get. Kendra. He was a ton of fun to talk to. Let's plant our flag on the AFC South.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker J: Find the flag, get it set up. I'm trying to plant my flag here.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: Okay, you really planted your flag in that thing.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: We gave our best bet per team, but what about the best overall bet in the division? What is the absolute best way to bet the AFC South?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: I want to know if people will kill me if I take the Titans over because I think that that might be the best way. However, I am looking for for a price for a Chris Rodriguez Week one right now.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: So the Titans strength of schedule wise sits smack dab in the middle of the league. That doesn't lead us in into any particular direction, but I'm holding a ticket on them to be a wild card team. So I'm certainly not the person that can provide too much pushback. We see teams that come out of nowhere every year. Who the hell expected the Patriots to do what they did last year or the Commanders to make it to the NFC title game two years ago? I don't think the ceiling is quite that high for Cam Ward and the Titans, but I do think they can be significantly better.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: I pulled a really good stat yesterday. The Seahawks heading into last season were 60 to 1 to win the Super Bowl. I believe the last team to have odds greater than that I believe were the Rams in 1999. I think they were like 150 to 1.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: And that was not to make this about the Falcons. That was when we started having that conversation. It was leading into Super Bowl Sunday and I said who next year that's sitting around the 60s in between 60 and 80 to one range do I think could improve enough to be competitive in a Super bowl situation? That's how I plucked the Falcons out of thin air. I don't think the Titans are a good candidate for that, but I do think they'd be a good candidate for team that sneaks into the postseason when nobody expected it. I don't mind it at all. For me, I'm gonna go over on your Jacksonville Jaguars, but right now the over, over, under, sitting at eight and a half Juice to the over. I want to kick this up to nine and a half and take the plus 1 20. I don't expect another 13 wins this year, but I do expect them to stay in the mix. The coaching staff is too good, the roster is too talented. I think the addition of Travis Hunter feels like a new player on this team and the positive regression that I talked about in terms of the pass rush, I think this team's going to be really, really good.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker G: I hope you're right. I am manifesting health. That's it. Just stay healthy.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: They stay healthy. We won't have a problem with that. Over the Favorites will be back next week as we head east for our previews. You can catch it right here on the Action Network YouTube page or wherever you download your favorite podcast. Special thanks again to Jamal, to Kendra, to our producers David Payne and Gifford Gould leave us a five star review. It goes a long way. That's how Kendra is able to feed her rainbow shrimp. We'll see you next time here on the Favorites.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker I: Action Network reminds you Please gamble responsibly. If you or someone you care about has a gambling problem, help is available 247 at 1-800-GAMBLER.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: A flawless makeup look starts with the right foundation shade. Sounds simple, right? But finding your perfect match can honestly be one of the hardest parts of your routine. But there is good news. Sephora has all the best brands in one one place. With so many shades, finishes and coverage options to choose from. Plus their beauty advisors, shade matching tools and free samples make it so much easier to find the one that's just right for you. Visit Sephora and find your match.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker H: T Mobile is reinventing Business Internet with Super Broadband Whether you run a small office or a factory of 500, connection is everything. Powered by America's fastest is 5G Internet plus Starlink super broadband from T Mobile reaches every zip code in the US super broadband a new era of business Internet. Visit superbroadband.com to learn more.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker K: Based on analysis by Oklahoma speed test intelligence data 2H 2025 speeds vary due to local network characteristics and management. Satellite requires hardware installation to clear view of the sky with a 36 month commitment.
[00:03 - 00:04] Speaker A: Some people use ChatGPT to answer questions, others use it to get real work done. With ChatGPT work, you bring the goal plus real inputs like briefs, notes, files, feedback, data and project plans. It can help turn them into an analysis, tracker, deck, outline, prototype or workflow. You can review and keep shaping. You stay in control, giving direction and choosing the final output. Put ChatGPT to work on your most ambitious ideas and projects. Get started@chatgpt.com by selecting work mode available on plus and Pro plans.
[00:04 - 00:04] Speaker C: There are exciting things happening at your local CVS shop. New Extra Big Deals with extra care every two weeks. No coupon needed. Plus get access to exclusive sale prices, personalized deals and more. As a member, ExtraCare is the way to save at CVS. Join for free online or in store and start saving. Visit your local CVS store or cvs.com extra big deals for this week's deals.
[00:04 - 00:04] Speaker L: This is Tony Ayo from the Real Report with Tony Ayo and Uncle Murder. You ever notice how everything keeps going up? Rent, streaming, even extra soap at your favorite burrito spot? But with Boost Mobile, you don't have to play the Willis Go up soon game. Boost Mobile offers an unlimited talk, text and data plan at a price that'll never go up. It's the same price you'll pay for Life. Switch now for unlimited wireless at a price that'll never go up. Only at boost mobile. After 30 gigabytes, customers may experience slower speeds. Customers will pay $25 a month as long as they remain active on the Boost Unlimited Plan.
