[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Some people use ChatGPT to answer questions. Others use it to get real work done. With ChatGPT work, you bring the goal plus real inputs like briefs, notes, files, feedback, data, and project plans. It can help turn them into an analysis, tracker, deck, outline, prototype or workflow. You can review and keep shaping. You stay in control, giving direction and choosing the final output. Put ChatGPT to work on your most ambitious ideas and projects. Get started@chatgpt.com by selecting work mode available on plus and Pro plans.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Amazon Health AI Presents Painful Thoughts I I can't stop scratching my downtown. Mm, yeah, but I'm not itching to go downtown and tell a receptionist I'm here to talk about my downtown. Some things you'd rather type than say out loud.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: There's no question too embarrassing for Amazon Health AI. Chat your symptoms and get virtual care 24. 7 Healthcare just got less painful
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: this
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker D: is Daniel Cormier from the Daniel Cormier Show. This podcast is sponsored by Total Wireless, the official wireless provider of ufc. All UFC fighters know you have to stay ahead of the game. In the octagon or outside of it. You either make the move or you miss the moment. That's why you need a network that never taps out. With Total Wireless, you get unlimited 5G data so you can stay ahead of the action and keep up with every single knockout. Real UFC fans need real unlimited. Visit totalwireless.com or stop by your neighborhood Total Wireless store.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Hey, this is Lavar Arrington here from two pros and a Cup of Joe and the biggest moments in sports are Streaming live on Fox 1. From MLB on Fox 2 Big Noon Saturdays to NFL on Fox and so much more. Fox one brings you the games, the rivalries and can't miss moments all season long. And it doesn't stop when the final whistle blows. Catch the highlights, expert analysis, interviews and the stories behind the biggest moments in sports. Watch live or on demand at home or on the go. Stream fox Sports on Fox 1. Download the app today.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: Want to know you're on the best path to the right car? Start at CarMax, where every car is CarMax certified and backed by a 10 day money back guarantee at a price that's upfront from the start. Visit CarMax.com for details. Want to drive CarMax?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Welcome to the Favorites your Go to NFL Betting Podcast. We are part of the Action Network family of podcasts. I'm Brandon Kravitz, your host. Back at it with the first lady of the Pod, Kendra Middleton. On today's show, the divisional previews Continue. We head to the dirty South. Tampa, Atlanta, Carolina and New Orleans. Pat Donovan from iheartradio in Tampa hops on with us shortly to break down what we expect to see from the drunkest division in the entire National Football League. We are one NFL game in Kendra and I've already suffered my first bad beat of the year. I had the Cardinals plus one and a half and here comes Haynes King rumbling down the field into the end zone as time expires. So let's get those out of the way in the preseason, I guess, because, well, I'm already in mid season form over here.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: I was disappointed you fell asleep on your couch for this game.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Oh, but let me tell you, cheat code. And I learned this from Sean Little on buckets. He does this with the NBA where he won't watch the late games. He wakes up in the morning, makes a cup of coffee, and then will watch late night NBA games first thing in the morning. I'm an early riser, so that sort of strategy fits the mold for me. Like an old man who had just turned 41 that day, I fell asleep at halftime hard. I mean, mouth open, drool, all of that. And then I wake up in the morning, strong cup of coffee and watch the second half of the hall of Fame game. The sun hadn't even come up yet. It was wonderful.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: But then I was not a morning person at all. I am a night owl. Like in my during COVID when nothing actually existed and nothing was real. I was going to bed at 4 o' clock in the morning and getting up at 2pm and that was awesome.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: If you and Gifford, text me beyond 10:30 at night, which it's fine if you do that, but if you hear from me, something has gone wrong. Unless there's like some big primetime NFL game that I'm watching, I'm just out. I'm just not. I'm not making it.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: I fall asleep with Scott Van Pel every single night, baby.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Oh, all right. You and Scotty, a quick aside before we get to our guest. I signed up for a new gym. My kid's back in school, so I'm able to get back to a normal sort of routine. I. I had. I hadn't been to the gym in two months. I just said, fuck it. I'm just. I'll just ride my bike occasionally, just so I don't, you know, get chunky. But I'm back and I'm going to a much more pretentious gym. Maybe you can guess where my other gym was. It was a Judgment free zone. But $10 a month.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: Yeah.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Okay. Everybody that walks into that place kind of looks like a werewolf. The place I'm going to now, much nicer, but a lot more pretentious. Kendra, you seem like a fancy gym goer to me. Way too many tripods. What is going on at these gym? I haven't been to a nice gym in years. I've just been going to, like, the hole in the walls. These people are there filming like they're Christopher Nolan. What are we doing? Why are people doing this?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: That's. That's what happens when you pay to use the space like that. You know, like, it just. That's. That is what it is. But you have the right to con. To be like, hey, I don't consent to this.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Yeah, I don't want my. I don't want my ass sweat in your video.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: But you've got flock cameras and meta glasses everywhere anyway, so I don't like it.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Can I sign a position? I gotta get out of this. All right. Coming up, Pat Donovan, WDAE in Tampa. Part of the Iheart family. Check in.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: I like her tinfoil hats. Coming out. We gotta move on.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker A: Yes.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Yeah. That's it. That's it for Kendrick today. Let's talk football.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: I literally feel like you just put, like, the safety lock on the windows while I'm in the backseat of the car.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: It is. That is my job as a host. Let's talk about the highly intriguing and volatile NFC South. Pat Donovan, one half of the Pat Naron show on 95.7wdae in Tampa. One of my iHeartRadio brethren, joins the show to break down the division. Pat, my friend, how are you?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: I'm well, man. Great to be with you.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: So we gotta vibe check the division. We do this with, with all of the divisions that we check in on. We're a couple in now and very curious to see how this conversation goes, because this is one that I think if you were to ask a hundred NFL fans, where does the NFC south rank for you in terms of general intrigue and fascination, you would get a wide array of answers. So in terms of intrigue for you, where does the NFC south rank in the NFL hierarchy of interesting conferences or interesting divisions? I should say.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: I mean, as a Bucks guy, right, it's at the top. But if I'm being objective, I think both south divisions are maybe among the least intriguing in their conferences. Right. I think if you look at both the AFC and NFC south, the NFC south is interesting because Baker makes it interesting. People love Baker. But overall, it's a division that doesn't have a ton of stars, doesn't have a ton of star power, doesn't have a team that really stands out as the best. Right. I mean, I think that any of these teams could potentially win the division just because the division's not very good.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Kendra, I know, disagrees with that. Was this number one for you on your intrigue hierarchy?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: Yeah, because it's just so dumb and stupid that I love it so much.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: This is a very drunk. If we, if we said which division is the drunkest division, this is definitely the answer.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: This is going to be the most. Not entertaining from a high level football perspective, but from genuinely. Nobody has any idea what's going to happen in this division. And if you say you do, you're full of shit.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: Which is 90% of the reason why I bet the Falcons to win the division is because they just have the longest odds. And if we don't know, give me the longest odds. Now I have my. I have other reasons, but that only makes up 10% of the bet. 90% of it is. Who the fuck knows? So let's just bet the team with the longest odds. Pat, does any team in this division. And we'll go team by team breakdown in a moment. Of course, starting with your Tampa Bay Buccaneers, which you cover. Does any team in the division win 10 games?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: I think all of them could, potentially. I kind of doubt it. But if anybody's going to, I do think it's the Buccaneers. I think they should be the favorite in the division, especially with some of the injuries that have happened around the division already. But listen, I think the Bucks are the best team in the division. But I've also told anybody who will listen, after the way last year ended, not just the losses, but the style of the losses, we saw people jawing at each other, leaving the sidelines like it was not what we expected. From a chemistry standpoint, I think the Bucks are the best in the division, but I also believe I won't be shocked if things work out really well for the Buccaneers and they turn out to be very good and shock a lot of people. I also won't be shocked if it goes the wrong direction and they flat out suck.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: And I think this is part of the analysis from Kendra is that is there any result in this division that we could use the word shock for? Is there anything, any order of finish for all four this division? By the way, Bucks at +1.70 to win the division, Falcons at +400 to win the division. That is the shortest range of any division in football. So it really depends on how you're defining intrigue, but that is how we get there. Let's start with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as we deep dive every single team within the NFC South. The Bucks lost two franchise legends in Mike Evans and Levante David. They disrespected their starting quarterback in Baker Mayfield with his contract offer that he did not like. They received a trade request from their best defensive player, Vita Vea, and yet they're still favored to win the division, which perfectly describes the NFC south, by the way. Did I probably properly detail the issues here? Did I leave any meat on the bone as far as the problems for Tampa going into the season?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah, no, those. Those are the ones. Right? I mean, that and. And just figuring out where everybody fits, especially defensively, where they're going to have a lot faces. But at the end of the day, I'm shocked at the way things have gone with Baker and that it's become so public and he's talked about how disappointed he is and feeling disrespected. Not necessarily shocked with where Vita Vea is because of his contract situation and the fact that he's had this foot issue that even though he hasn't missed a bunch of games, has bothered him over the last couple years. And as a guy who, even though I float around 240 now, has been over £300 at one point in my life, guys with feet problems who are. Who are fat or large, I should say, they don't necessarily get better. Right. So it's. It's weird because I love Baker Mayfield and I love Vita Vea and I want to see them both get paid. But at the same time, I totally understand why the Bucks are reluctant to give either of them the bag.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: I have a question for you. Are you more concerned? I like that there's continuity on the offense outside of Mike Evans. I know that Tristan Wurfs is probably going to start Week one, if I'm not mistaken, unless you know something that I On the Expected to be ready. Yeah. The defensive side of the ball. I like the addition of Alexander Loney. Ruben Bain should be a difference maker from day one. But if you look at the fact that there is a little bit of, you know, disgruntled players on the best player on the offense in Baker Mayfield and Vita Ver on the defense, who are you more concerned about heading into kind of the thick of their schedule that they're going to get, you know, probably four or five weeks in? Are you more concerned about the offense or the defense long term?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: I guess I'd say I'm more concerned about the defense. When it comes to Baker and Vita, I think they both end up well. We know Baker's not going anywhere. He's already said he's not holding in. He's not doing any of that stuff. Vita has a quote unquote back issue right now that we all know is not a back issue right now. But when it comes down to it, I don't think the Bucks trade Vita Bay. I don't think they can trade Vita.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: He told him too bad. So I don't think that they're going to.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: Yeah, they also just slapped him up on the side of the stadium. A big 50 foot tall Vita Veil. Like, I don't think he's going anywhere when it comes to those two. I think that once it's time for football, it's time for football. Those guys love their teammates, they love to play. I don't expect either of them to be an issue when it comes to both sides of the ball as a whole. If that offensive line is healthy, the offense should be very good. Mike Evans or not. Defensively, as I mentioned a little bit ago, there are so many new faces that you just don't know how it's all going to work. I think there's a decent chance it all works really well and they're a much better defense than they were a season ago. But there's also the chance that it doesn't fit and there's discombobulated defensively as they've been the last couple years. And if that's the case, it's almost impossible for the offense to be good enough to make up for it for them to be real contenders.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker B: The offensive line underperformed in a big way. I was looking at some of the offensive line grades around the league. They graded out 28th in the NFL last season. A lot of that injury related. How much better can they be than that is? Because I would think talent wise, it swings in the complete opposite direction. This feels like a top five offensive line of football to me.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: And you know what? The end of 2024, they were right. They were playing an elite brand of football in the offensive line towards the end of that season. I think if they weren't the best offensive line at the end of 2024, they were right there. They were in the conversation. And if that offensive line is playing that brand of football, that offense is going to be very difficult to stop. I agree with you. I Think most of it was on the injuries. You know, when you lose the best. What I think is the best left tackle when he's right in football. And then you start screwing around. I think where they really fucked up, to be fair, was deciding, hey, let's take Graham Barton and kick him over to left tackle from center. And now all of a sudden they're moving pieces all over the offensive line. There was zero continuity on that offensive line last season and I think it really hurt them. But what was scary is at the end of the year, as they got healthier, the offense continued to get worse. I think a lot of that is Josh Grizzard and a lot of piss poor play calling, to be fair. But the offensive line wasn't playing the brand of football they were at the end of 2024 either. If they get even halfway back to the end of 2024, there'll be a good offensive line. If they look like they did late in 2024, there'll be a great offensive line and the offense will be really tough to stop.
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker E: I want to talk about America Buka for a second. The beginning of last year, he was in contention for Offensive Rookie of the Year for a minute and just had an absolute fall off towards the end of the season. Yes, he got hurt, but his production was not the same. What do you think his role is going to look like with obviously Mike Evans leading Baker, kind of needing him to fill a role rather quickly and kind of the uncertainty of where he left off last year?
[00:00 - 00:00] Speaker C: I think he's your number two wide receiver after Chris Godwin. Without question. And you're right, right. It really looked like he hit a rookie wall last season. And I think part of it, part of it also was what I just mentioned, that the offense got healthier and worse. And I just thought Josh Grizzard had a really poor plan when it came to getting the ball to his playmakers. I think we're going to see them do a better job of that under Zach Robinson. But to me, a Meco Bucha is maybe a notch and just a notch below Chris Godwin when it comes to ability and talent, especially at this stage in Chris Godwin's career. I've been saying, though, I won't be surprised if we see on some Sundays Chris look like the best wide receiver on on the team. Other Sundays a Mecca Buko look like the best wide receiver on the team. And even at times, I think Jalen McMillan will look like the best wide receiver on the team. And that's why I still really love this group. That and what Tez Johnson can do sneakily for this, for this football team. And Ted Hurst has really been flashing in training camp. I really like that room. Even though they lost the greatest offensive player in the team's history, kind of
[00:00 - 00:01] Speaker E: a similar situation to make Baker Mayfield last year, there was a point where the first seven, eight weeks of the season, we talk about luck rankings a lot on our show where they were the luckiest team. He was really clutch at the end of games, but also kind of had a little bit of a fall off heading into this season. We know he's the type of guy when people doubt him, he performs really well. Do you think that it was more so just an injury we didn't know about or just some continuity with the team kind of crashing with injuries at the end of the year, do you think that he was more affected by the exit of Liam Cohen? What do you think that that was like for Baker last year?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: I'll be honest with you. I think the answer is yes, right? I think the answer is yes to just about all of those things. You know what I mean? I think it all kind of piled up. The injury certainly did not help Baker Mayfield. But as much as I love Baker the man as a human being, he concerns me as a quarterback. I think there's a lot he leaves on the field. I think he's too risky, especially with his body. And eventually you take enough of a beating and he starts to look like Baker did at the end of last season. He's too risky. It's why I wouldn't give him the contract he wants right now. I totally understand why the Buccaneers are making him wait. The reality is two out of three years, Baker's been good but not great. The other year in 2024, he was great. He was damn near elite. But the other two out of the other two years, that wasn't the case. So if we get to the end of this season and all of a sudden it's three out of four years, you were good, but not great. How much do I want to pay you and for how long do I want to pay you? Especially if you continue to put your body at risk and show that you can't stay on the football field or stay the same player for the entirety of the season. You start paying a guy like that 55 plus million dollars and then he can't stay on the football field and you find yourself in a lot of trouble. So I get where the bucks are at, but I think all of those things Led into the way that last season ended poorly for Baker because it's not any one thing, but it's definitely all. All those things, in my opinion, and
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: it should be mentioned. It's not like they didn't offer him a contract. They just didn't offer him a contract that he liked. Yeah, they offered him $50 million. That $50 million mark you're talking about, they offered that to him, but it was only for two years. And I totally get. I get it, too, because if you're the Bucks, that's. You want to tie yourself, but just because he's a quarterback in the NFL, he kind of is, but, like, I don't want to tie myself to that. This guy acts like, I just watched the season finale of House of Dragon. I'm not going to spoil anything out
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: there, but there's the rest of the season. I don't know. But the finale was great.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: They took way too long to build to it, but there's this Viking dude from the north at the end that is just ready to go into battle and die for everybody around him that feels like Baker Mayfield and like, how do you not want to play with that guy? But he also, you know, it doesn't end well. Okay, so it doesn't end well for you
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: now.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: I'm trying to remember how it ended for him for some. I just watched it last night, too, and I don't remember.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: I'm a Hold off. We'll talk about it offline. Todd Bowles, does he survive this season? He feels like a lame duck coach right now.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah, it's interesting because they really like Todd in the building, and there's a lot more belief inside One buck place than there is outside in Tampa Bay when it comes to Todd Bowles. I love Todd. I just. I think it has to work well this year, and it doesn't mean they have to even win a playoff game. They could get in the playoffs, and if the playoff game looked good and felt good, like a couple years ago, they just got destroyed in the first round of the playoffs at home. If that happens again, I don't know that he survives it. But it's all about, I think, the full direction of the team because I think right now, like I said earlier, they could go any number of ways. And if it goes the right way enough, I wouldn't be shocked if they kept him because they do love Todd Bowles. But I think it's got to feel like they're heading somewhere. In the last four years. It's just kind of Been like, well, they're good enough to win the division because the division sucks. And then last year it didn't even happen.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Yeah, that's. That's the problem. It's like the division still stinks. You got to win it when. And. And they're favored to do so this year. All right, let's go around the horn and we'll move on to the other teams inside of the division. Best way to bet the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. I'm out on the Bucks this year. I'll say it's under their win total. Under 8 and a half wins for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. I've already placed it in the app, Kendra.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: I would say the same. Haven't placed it because I have a bet somewhere else in this division. But I agree with you. I. I love Baker, especially after watching him on the quarterback documentary on Netflix this year. I found a new love for him. But this team is. I talk about teams often that have, like, the perfect amount of, like, young talent and guys who are kind of on their last leg as leaders in the league. And this on paper seems like it would be a good mix of the two, but it just seems like a disaster waiting to happen.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Yeah, vibes are off. Pat, what would you say on. On the Bucks, how would you. How would you lay your dollars?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: We just pissed in his cornflakes. I can tell now.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Well, no, it's. It's so weird because like I said, I could see this going either way, but we all believed so much last year, I think a lot of us anyways, and I did. I thought, the Bucks going into the season, we're going to win 11 games or 12 games and be a Super bowl contender. And boy, did it look like that way early on. And then they just shit the bed. I would bet. If I had to bet, I would bet the over. I just have a sneaky. A sneaky feeling that this defense is going. The defense doesn't have to be great here because the offense is going to be good if the offensive line stays healthy. If the defense could just fucking play adequately for the first time in almost forever. Just be adequate. Just be adequate. And you know what? They finally get some depth at outside linebacker. I like the moves they made at inside linebacker. I think they're good enough defensively. Not top 5 defense, probably not even a top 10 defense, but good enough to complement an offense that I think is going to be dangerous. I'm going to. If I had to bet, I'd take the over, but like I said, I won't Be shocked if they ship the bet either.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: And if they do. Plus 4. 25 to finish last. You can bet that on DraftKings. If you want to find that market as well. Let's switch over to the sad cats. The Carolina Panthers snuck into the NFL postseason last year.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Delaying talking about your Falcons.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: No, it's not delaying. I'm saving the best for last is what I'm doing. Kendra. They got into the playoffs with a record of 8 and 9. They'd lost three of their final four games and still made it into the playoffs. And then they pushed the Rams to the brink. That was a great cover by the podcast, by the way. Lost in the wild card round by three, but that created some expectations for this team. I think a lot of folks are higher on Carolina at this point in the off season than they were at this point in the off season last year. Pat, could they have the best defense in the division and is that enough to carry them potentially to a division crown?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: I think they could have the best defense in the division, and unless some other teams play really good offensively and or the Bucks actually find a way to play defense this year, I do think it could be enough. I like. I said I like the Bucks better than Carolina this year. Carolina is already starting to deal with some major injuries out of training camp, which is bad news for them. But I do really like their defense a lot. Although I think Asian Robinson heading over here to Tampa Bay is helpful. Right. But I like their off season a lot. Before the injuries started during training camp, I think they did as good of a job as anybody this offseason. So I'm just, I'm curious how Year Year 3 works for Dave Canales.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Did.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Did other teams find something that's going to find a way to like, kind of make them take a step backwards instead of a step forwards, which it looks like they're ready to take. I'm not 100% sure.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: How confident are you in the quarterback play this season? Is there any volatility to it whatsoever in Carolina?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: The biggest question mark for this football
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: team because, I mean, Bryce Young earned his keep last year, don't get me wrong, Kenny Pickett. I'm not worried about it. And am I going to overreact to a Hall of Fame game that was absolutely electric? Yes. If Haynes King looks like that and Bryce Young stumbles whatsoever, is there a question to be had here or did Bryce Young truly earn his keep last year? Because I know that you might not be a podcast listener. I was the Panthers biggest fan Last year had them winning the division going into the preseason. They're over on the season. But I think that the best thing that ever happened to Bryce Young was getting benched for a minute. And I just don't know, based off of not knowing who he is as a professional, because of the black and white that he's shown us, how promising and how much I believe in him as much as I want to for the entirety of a season.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah. He hasn't proven it yet. Right. And there's a lot of guys in that boat. There's. There's a handful of great quarterbacks in this league and then there's kind of everybody else. And he certainly hasn't shown that he's a great quarter. I've said the entirety of my career, in my opinion, you're one of two teams in the NFL. You're a team with a star quarterback or you're a team looking for a star quarterback. And I think there's no question that Carolina is still the team looking for a star quarterback. I like some of what we saw from Bryce Young last year. I think it would have to be really bad. They'd have to almost fall out of playoff contention for them to completely give up on him again. Because I think you could do what you did with Bryce Young before now as far as benching him for a veteran quarterback, but you don't really have that guy now anyways. And I don't know how many times you can give up on a young quarterback before you've just given up on that young quarterback.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: What are your thoughts on Rico Dowdles exit from this offense? Chuba Hubbard looked like the guy in the 2024 season. I believe it was their London game where he had that breakout game. Tons of yards, couple of touchdowns, looked really promising. And then out of nowhere, Rico Dowdle just has an insane season last year. Are you. What are your thoughts on Chuba Hubbard being able to step back into that role after kind of a surprise to all of us last season?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Yeah. I was shocked at how well Rico played last year. And I do. I am a Chuba Hubbard guy. I'll be honest with you. I've said for a long time Emmett Smith was not the greatest running back in the history of the NFL. Even though he has the most yardage, he just happened to play behind the best offensive line in the NFL. I don't want to say running backs are a dime a dozen. I don't want to disrespect people, but for the most part, if you're Not Bijan Robinson. If you're not, you know, one of a couple of guys in this league, you know, Jameer Gibbs, there's like, outside of that, to me, it's all about the horses up front. Maybe it's because I'm fat, but I think it's about offensive line play. And if you get great offensive line play, you're going to get good things out of your run. And there's a lot of guys that can run the football well for you if you block for them. And I think both those guys kind of fall in that category.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Let's, let's talk about the, the offensive line. Well, you touched on it right there. If they are able to get those sort of improvements, then we could be looking at a different offense for them. The problem is, Pat, they're already dealing with injuries to both tackles on their offensive line. Robert Hunt, their big mauling guard, hasn't made his way back yet. We already got bad news on the defense with Nick Scorton, but it feels like because of the O line, because of the injury they already sustained to a key linebacker position, they may have overpaid Devin Lloyd. We, I mean, absolutely not.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Don't even start with me. That was the cheapest deal they were going to get him on. And I'll never forgive the Jaguars for not signing him for that amount of money. I don't care how much dead cap they had from Trent Ball.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: They let that man walk for a reason. I'll just say that now. I mean, that's not my opinion, but that's theirs because they, if they wanted him that bad, they would have kept him. But I'm a little. There's just a lot of volatility with the Panthers. I think of all these teams I could see I could make a case for them being the best and the worst. I think I could do it better with Carolina than any other. Do you see that sort of volatility in them or do you think that there's some stability in what Carolina is going to be this year?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: No, I totally agree with you. It feels early on a little bit like last year for the Buccaneers, like, wait, who's down now? And there's only so long you can sustain that, you know, before it starts to really impact your team and the vet, the Bucks, a much more veteran group a year ago and you saw how the injuries impacted them. So no doubt about it, I think Carolina could be in trouble.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: So Bryce Young last year to go back to the quarterback position, set career highs and completion percentage, passing Yards. Yards per attempt and passing touchdowns and touchdown to interception race ratio still ranking towards the bottom of the league in all of those stats. So this is the weird thing, Pat, is that this is the analysis that Carolina walks into the season with. You're talking about an ascending player. He was significantly better last year than at any other point in his career. Yeah, he's still. We did our top 20 list and I don't. Well, he cracked it for Kendra, but Kendra also left Justin Herbert off the list, so technically, Bryce Young was that.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: I, I forget about him sometimes. He's just a vanilla white boy.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Listen, I thought I was the only one accidental, okay?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: She does things.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: It was accidental. It was accidental. I, I did. It was. It was a whole thing. It was a whole thing. He's just.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Listen, he belongs in the top 20 without question.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Oh, he belongs in the top 10,
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: but he's very overrated.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Agree. And he's just a guy.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Nobody's gotten more credit for having pretty hair than Justin Herbert.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Thank you. Oh, my God. Okay.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: This is why he's getting it brushed during practice by his lovely fiance.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Okay, but you know what?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: He's.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Young is not a jail free card for that one.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker D: She is.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: I'm no better than a man.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: We all understand it. We all understand it, but Bryce young not top 20. And I think they're going to need him to crack into that. I, I saw glimpses of it. The weird thing with Bryce, too, is that in some of the biggest games last year, I thought he looked great. I thought he looked great in the playoffs. He looked great against the Rams in the regular season. And, and then, you know, he's got games where he struggles to get above a buck 50 passing. And this isn't, you know, this isn't a fantasy podcast, but if you, if you struggle to get to 200 yards passing, chances are that's on you and not Everybody else.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: You're 100% right. The stats across the board, not very good. But in big moments and late in games, which I guess is big moments as well, but in big moments, he showed up best last year. And I think that's why if I'm a Panthers fan, which I'm not, but if I'm a Panthers fan, that's what I'm holding on to is like we've got this step where he looks good in big moments. Now we just need the whole offense to come together. If I'm a Bryce Young believer, I'm not sure I'm quite there, but I think there's. There's some things you can point to and say if other things work out a little bit better, he can be enough. I don't know if I'm there, but if I'm a Panthers fan, I'm certainly trying to convince myself.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Final question for me. Does Xavier Leggett suck or does he just need a change of scenery?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: You know what? I think he could need a change of scenery. It's. Listen, it's tough when you don't get very good quarterback play right. And some wide receivers.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: I don't know. I wouldn't, I wouldn't blame his issues on that. I gotta be real.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: Well, listen, and what I was going to say is like, you've got to be a professional and you've got to be a guy that remains engaged when things aren't coming your way and when things aren't going well with your quarterback or the offense in general. And that's where I wonder about him. Is. Is, is he that guy?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: Yeah. I, I have a hard time blaming guys when we judge them off of their price in, in a draft. We judge them off of the capital used to draft them. Xavier Leggett was never a first round pick. We're judging him off of being a first round pick. He never should have been one. It's like the criticism I hear about Anthony Richardson. Anthony Richardson never should have been a top five pick in the NFL draft and. But we judge him off of that.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker C: That's where I'll separate from you just a little bit because whenever a quarterback puts up his hand, that's. That's enough for me. Like, wait, you want to come out?
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker B: That would have been bad. That would have been bad no matter he was. He sucked before that. Like he would have, you know, we would have judged him for that no matter where he was drafted.
[00:01 - 00:01] Speaker E: Not to get off topic here, but has really scared the shit out of me as a gym girl because now I am terrified to break my orbital bone with one of the like bands. It is a fear that I think I see my life flash before my eyes every time I look at one of those. Now could you. That had to hurt. Now he has like temporary blindness even now. I was listening to a podcast about that this morning. New Fear Unlocked. Actually, I'm going to add it to my list of fears right now.
[00:01 - 00:02] Speaker B: Okay, that's weird that you have a list going on your phone for that. But that's why I love.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: It's just the fear of getting hurt.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: That's right. And you'll have great eyesight for the Rest of your life because of it. Best way to bet the Carolina Panthers in 2026 Guys, I'm just gonna roll back. What, what worked for us. Kendra sold us properly on the Panthers last year. I bought in and they made me money. I, I got the, the end of the year wrapped how your year in betting went from the Action Network app and the Carolina Panthers made me more money than any other team in the NFL. Way better than the Spotify wrapped by the way. So thank you Kendra for walking me into that. I'm just going to continue where we Left off. Pan 2 and a half against the Bears. So that's, that's how. Because I have no idea what this team is going to do this year. So I'll just bet him week one and, and we'll just kind of roll from there. Pat, how would you look at laying your dollars on Carolina? Where are you the most confident in them?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: I, I might take the under, I might take the under on wins just because again it just feels like last year for the Buccaneers where they, they're just, they're, they're falling into injuries and, and I don't know if this team has enough to withstand it. I mean the Bucks didn't and I think they're a more talented group.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Yeah, they, they're over under sitting at seven and a half. What about you Kendra? Are you back in? It sounds like you might be out on your side.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: I, I'm feeding the sad cats. If I'm gonna bet this team at all, it's gonna probably be some weekly props. Yeah.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: And touchdowns this summer. There are 250 reasons to join T Mobile girls.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: Trip booked and switching to T mobile Help make it happen with experience beyond
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: switch and get $100 back plus $650 in value in built in plan benefits. That's $750 in your first year guaranteed.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: And honestly that hundred dollars back I'm putting it towards the zipline now.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: That's how you do summer.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: Exactly. Best switch I ever made.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: This is just one reason to join T Mobile this summer. There are 250 reasons find yours
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker A: savings based on the value of benefits included with experience beyond like entertainment and one year of AAA Classic and DashPass on
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: US benefits may require activation C plan
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker A: for details get 100 via virtual prepaid MasterCard with eligible ported no cash access and expires in six months issued by
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: Sunrise Banks and member FDIC allow eight
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: weeks Amazon Health AI presents painful thoughts
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: why did I search the Internet for answers to my cold sore problem? Now I'M stuck down a rabbit hole filled with images of alarmingly graphic sores in various stages of ooze. I can clear my search history, but I can never unsee that.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Don't go down the rabbit hole. Amazon Health AI gets you the right care fast. Healthcare just got less painful.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker D: This is Daniel Cormier from the Daniel Cormier Show. This podcast is sponsored by Total Wireless, the official wireless partner of ufc. All UFC fighters know power doesn't wait in the octagon or outside of it. You either make the move or you miss the moment. That's why you need a network that's as powerful as you are. With Total Wireless, you get unlimited 5G data keeping you in on all the action, from the walkouts to the knockouts. You'll never miss a moment. That's coverage that you can count on for every single round. So when the moment happens, you're not catching up. You're already there. Now that that's a total power move. In the ufc, power isn't given, it's taken. So make your total power move today. Visit totalwireless.com or stop by your neighborhood. Total Wireless Store 5G access requires a 5G capable device in a 5G service area. Monthly rates on the Total Base 5G Unlimited plan for new subscribers applies only to the monthly rate for your plan. Additional terms apply. See website for details.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker A: Chat GPT can do more than answer questions. It can help you get real work done. ChatGPT work is built for bigger projects with multiple steps. You bring the goal along with the information it needs, like briefs, notes, files, feedback, calendars, data sets, or project plans. Then ChatGPT can help turn all of that into something useful an analysis, a tracker, a deck outline, a prototype, or a workflow you can keep shaping. It can also use approved apps, connected tools, files, and browser contexts to help move the work forward. And you stay in control. You give direction, review drafts, approve actions, redirect the work, and choose the final output so you spend less time sorting through busywork and more time making progress on the work that matters. Put ChatGPT to work on your most ambitious ideas and projects. Get started@chatgpt.com by selecting Work Mode, available on plus and Pro plans.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: This is Becca and Tanya from Scrubbing in with Becca Tilly and Tanya Rad Becca, can I ask you a question? How do I convince myself I need something before I buy it? Oh, so we're doing that today? Well, I'll be shopping online and suddenly I'm like, well technically this counts as self care. You're definitely not alone there. That's why Klarna stands out. It's about smarter tools that help you feel more confident with your money. Klarna brings payments, cash back and money management together in one place with flexible ways to pay. It helps you make smarter money moves without the stress. That's the goal, right? Having tools that make your money work with you. Download the Klarna app today or visit klarna.com to learn more. California Resident Loans made or arranged pursuant to a California Finance Law License NMLS Number 13531 Klarna Balance Account required to be eligible for cashback points Limitations. Terms and conditions apply.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Let's move to the Saints New Orleans might be the only team in the division that isn't picking up bad press with trade requests injuries. If I was not already pot committed to the Falcons, this would be my team right now. Good defense and offense that showed signs. Last year they added Trevor Travis etn
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: I I can't agent actually I'm gonna
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: need until like week six to do that. Jordan Tyson, I really like him out of the draft if he can get that hammy situation straightened out. I'm intrigued. Pat. Is this the most talented team top to bottom? If we're judging both offensive quality and defensive quality, I think the Saints have a case to be the most talented team in the NFC South.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: I think it's the Bucks, but I might be a little bit biased, but I really like what New Orleans has done the last couple years, especially when you consider the cap hell that they've been in to figure it out. And what's interesting is, you know, a lot of people think Atlanta is going to be better than New Orleans this year. A lot of people think Atlanta might win the division. It might sound crazy, but there's a lot more stability at the quarterback position in New Orleans with Tyler Schock than there is in Atlanta with is it to a tongue of ioloa? I just I don't know. It's very interesting. Like I almost forgot Michael Penix's name for a second. There's he's going to bring that big Pennix energy, but is he going to be on the football field? I like I love Michael Penix as a guy that I've met here locally. He's a Tampa Bay guy and I just I'm a fan of his talent but I just wonder is he ever going to be on the football field?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: Oh man, I you can't hurt my feelings about this team. I got in on their over when it came out at the beginning of the year. What are your thoughts on Tyler Shuck? Obviously didn't start the season last year. There was. Was some confusion over who would be their starter. Played half the season and was still in it at the end for offensive rookie of the year. Do you think it was just one of these situations we see often where a rookie who's older, has played a lot of football, comes in and the game has maybe just slown down enough for them to make an impact? Or do you really believe in him in the long term?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: It's funny cause I. I just mentioned a lot more stability with Tyler Shock than I see in Atlanta right now with what's going on there. But at the same time, I think it would be naive right now to be like franchise quarterback. The guy's shown me everything I need to see. Absolutely not. A lot of young players flash early in their career and then people find one or two things they don't do well and exploit that and completely change the trajectory of that guy's career. So I'm not sold that he's a franchise guy and he's one of the best quarterbacks in the NFC or anything like that. But I like what we saw from him last year. I like his poise, and I think he's got a good chance to be a good quarterback in this league. I've always said, I think we give up on quarterbacks and coaches way too fast in the NFL. I think if they're patient with Tyler Shock, they might have their guy.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: You know what's funny about calling him a young guy is that he's the exact same age as Trevor Lawrence. Isn't that weird?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: I would call. Listen, I'm 48, Brandon. All right? I'm 48. I got a very gray beard. I called. I called Trevor Lawrence a young guy as well.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Okay. All right.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: I.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: He came in as a pro. Shock is already a pro.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: I have a question about Chris Olave. Obviously, big payday, but one concussion away from maybe an early retirement. What are your thoughts on him getting paid?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker D: I.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: This offense for me makes a lot more sense on paper now with the addition of Travis. Travis H. Because I think.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: No, we need it. We need community agreement. We can't have me and you calling him a different name on this podcast. I can't. I can't do this. This. I'm sorry. You can't hit me with a different name midway through your career. It's not allowed.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: I don't want to talk about my question now. I'm gonna. I'm gonna pivot this because this is. This is on brand for us. Pat, do you think. Are you going to call him ETN or hn? Because I'm very much in the camp and I've said this so many times. When Jacori Krosky Merritt came out last year and was like, call me Bill. All right, You're a rookie. You want to go buy. Bill, you told me early on I can get used to it. Now, do you think it's fair or foul for him to come out, what, five years into his career and be like, actually, my name is A Chan. After just sitting there and taking it for five seasons in the NFL. What, what are your. What's. What's the vibe here?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Not as long, right, For Bijan Robinson, but he did the same thing last year. It was like. Actually, it's a little weird to me. To me, the first time somebody fucks up my name, I'm gonna like. Pat's tough to get wrong. Although people call me Matt all the time. But, you know, like, the second somebody messes up my name, I'm going to tell them how to pronounce it properly. It's very weird to me to wait years to be like, oh, by the way, I think I've earned it now for you to say my name correctly. But I've. Junior Camin Arrow is so much more fun to say than Junior Common Arrow. And just about everybody calls him Cam and Arrow. But ever since I've heard that it was supposed to be common Arrow, I've tried to correct it and say it correctly all the time. And I do a pretty good, like, I want to call guys by what their name is, even if they're too shy or quiet or whatever the hell it is that makes them wait years. Once I know that your name should be pronounced a specific way. I'm going to try one of my best friends growing up, his name was Haretan Rakataman Bettin. Except every time I'd say that, he would tell me I was pronouncing it wrong and say the same fucking thing right back to me. But I want to try at least to get it right.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: Did anybody else notice that within the first five minutes of the broadcast to Rico called Trevor, Trevor Adrian?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: I didn't know.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: I did not notice that.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: Yes, I did. Probably because you guys weren't looking for it. But Panthers, obviously he was getting some playing time because I think he's their third string. Immediately within the first five minutes of the broadcast, Rico called him a Chan.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: I am of the belief that once you get, like, five years removed, and I'm just throwing an arbitrary number in there, but about five years removed from people calling you a certain name, you now lose the rights to how your name is pronounced. It now belongs to the ether. It belongs to the community at large that's talking about you, and you are just simply the label. So that's the way that I view it. And this goes back to. It's not like we just started learning about this guy. He was a star in college. I called him ETN when he played at clinic. Clemson, too.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Does that mean I need to change the name on my license to Asshole now?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: If you want to go by asshole, we got you. Okay. We got you. Well, speaking of running backs, though, there's a guy that's backing him up that has put together a Hall of Fame career, arguably Alvin Camara. What does. What kind of role does he play? This is odd to me that they've gone through this restructuring, this rebuild. You don't often see legendary running backs slide to a backup role later on in their career with the team that they helped build.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: Yeah, when they brought in hn, I guess it seemed like the writing was on the raw. Right. That Alvin Camara would be somewhere else, but apparently he really loves New Orleans. I think he's a guy that can certainly lend a hand to everybody in the room as far as just being that veteran voice and a guy that, you know, that they trust there in New Orleans. And I just think he's going to be a guy that everybody misses time, especially at the running back position. Right. It's a difficult position to get through. And when you need to rely on somebody that's not one of your top guys, and you can rely on a guy like Alvin Camara, like, you got to feel pretty good about that. So not shocked that he ended up back there after his long career there. But it will be interesting. I agree with you. It'd be interesting to see how much he's really utilized. But. But what a great guy to have on the back burner if you need him for limited snaps.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Pat over, under for the Saints, sitting at seven and a half, Would you take the over or the under on them season long?
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: I feel the same way about this whole division. It's insane. They're just all like, oh, they could be good. They could suck. Like, I literally think everything. And we were talking about it, and you talked about the odds being as close as they are. Any team in this division could shock everyone and be really good or Just suck out loud. I think I'm going to take the over with New Orleans because of my disbelief in what's going on in Carolina with the injuries and Atlanta. I just don't know if they're going to land on a quarterback ever.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Saints 30 easiest division or easiest schedule in the NFL too.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: So it doesn't hurt.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: That does not hurt. Kendra, best way to bet the Saints.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: I think you've already done it's already tracking in the action app as we speak, ladies and germs.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: I I'm gonna hedge my bets on on New Orleans here and just bet Kellen Moore to win coach of the year at 12 to 1 because if the Saints do hit their upside, then
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker E: I think he's gonna like that be crab.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: I'm gonna throw that.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: By the way, maybe the most wrong I was last year is going into the season I said Kellen Moore was the best quarterback on the team.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: Oh. Oh. Well, you know, going into the season that wasn't a bad take. Actually. Matt Ryan might be the best quarterback on the team. We're about to discuss it is time for the reason you all hit play today. My Atlanta Falcons new regime. Raheem Morris, Terry Fontenot the GM gone. The Falcons ushering in the Stefanski Ryan administration quarterback. I know Giant question mark two often injured lefties that we gotta trust if you're laying the dollars on Atlanta. I don't love the fact that they lost Jaylen Walker in training camp either. He had five and a half sacks as a rookie last year. But other than that, the roster is.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker C: And the other guy's cuckoo for cocoa Puffs.
[00:02 - 00:02] Speaker B: And he had. James Pierce is the other guy who had. He was a later draft pick. Had more sacks than Jalen Walker last year. Ten and a half led the team and he could be suspended for half the year. The whole year. We have no idea. We still have no idea. He's going to be in jail or he could be in jail is also a possibility. I'm a buyer in the Falcons. I can give you the full sales pitch later, Pat, but where are you on this football team?
[00:02 - 00:03] Speaker C: I'm not. And because of what we just talked about with both of the defensive ends and, and what's happened there, you're also talking about a new head coach. And man, you gotta find a way to believe in a guy who was fired from the Cleveland Browns. Like that's not easy. And I, I actually like Kevin Stefanski. I think he can be a good coach. But I just, just I, I like Michael Pennock. So much, but I don't know that he can stay on the field. And I'm not sold on to a tongue of violoa. There's very few things where I will take something that you said and be like, I can't believe in you now. Right. I, I, what did I just see? The Arizona State head coach was just playing nursery rhymes at practice yesterday. I can't believe in you after that. And yeah, it's just I, it's a really, really weird, really weird spot the Atlanta Falcons are in. Having to rely on Stefanski having two quarterbacks that, like, can't stay on the field. And then to a tongue of Ioloa telling us last year, well, I couldn't see over my offensive lineman.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: I would like to play a game. Here's the game that I would like to play. Is there any team in the NFL, remove the Falcons from this that you would want to go starting in week two, remove the division from it. We're going to account for the fact that they're divisional games because divisional games are different. So week two, the Falcons are going to play the Panthers. Then they're going to head into the packers. They're going to play another divisional game against the Saints. They're going to go to the rate or they're going to play the Ravens at home, play the Bears at home, play the 49ers at home, play another divisional game against the Buccaneers, and then they're going to play the Falcons. And then they're going to play the Chiefs. And then they're going to play the Vikings, which is a question.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: They're going to play the Falcons. They are the Falcons.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: I'm sorry, they're going to play, they're going to play the Chiefs, the Vikings, which are a question mark, and then they're going to play the Lions. Is there any team, even with a good quarterback situation, good roster situation that you would want to throw into that gauntlet and assume that they're going to win the division, let alone have a Super bowl future on them?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: It's a great point. It's a very tough stretch. And it's a tough stretch with that
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: is week two to December 6th, by the way.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Yeah, it was a tough stretch without, you know, a real certainty at quarterback. And I think that makes it very, very tough. That's one of the things that makes me, as much as I'm uncertain about the Buccaneers, confident they can win this division. When you talk about scheduling, a lot of teams get really tough schedules. And the Bucks isn't necessarily the easiest schedule. But what they don't have all season long is back to back road games. And I think that's very beneficial. They do have two road games in a row, but there's a bye week in between. So they don't actually go on the road two weeks in a row all season long.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: Still nothing further for me, your honor.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Well, that was quite the case that you built. I think offensively they have the most talent in the division. That's one of the reasons. Massive coaching upgrade. A guy that's won coach of the year twice.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Quarterback part of the offense though, right?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Okay, but here's the thing. All I hear is how bad this team is going to be at quarterback. I happen to like Michael Penix. I like the upside.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: In total, they have a brain and a half and maybe one and a half ACLs.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Well, good thing there's two of them then. Okay, so I like the upside of Michael Penix more. I do too by the way. But the floor of Tua and TUA likely starts the season for this team game is so much higher than people give him credit for. And I am not a to a guy but I wasn't a to a guy as let's pay him as like he's Patrick Mahomes. That's not the case anymore. Two is playoff record one and one. The only quarterback in the division at.500 or better. Baker Mayfield's two and three, Bryce Young's. Oh, and one. Tyler Shucks. Never played in the playoffs. He's one of two quarterbacks in the division. Baker Mayfield the other one who's thrown for 4,000 yards in a season. He notoriously struggles in cold weather. We hate him for that. Atlanta winter months play against two cold weather teams outdoors. The Browns, not tough. And the Washington Commanders. We have no idea what they're going to do.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Fancy revenge game.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Yeah. Yes. And we get a revenge. It's great.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker D: Point.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Gone are the days of having to take TUA into Buffalo, New York in December where he's going to get slaughtered. Career winning percentage to a 57%. Every other quarterback in the division below.500 including Baker Mayfield, who's at 48%. And if you go well, well, well. What about his days with Tampa? 53% which is still a lower win rate than Tua. Are we sure that he's that much worse than everybody else in the division? I rest my case.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: I don't think you're helping yourself. That he's literally one hit away from just not playing. And that is possible. That's the speaker choosing Michael Pen to be the guy you want to start long term but you're talking late season to a tongue of Iowa playing in the cold.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: I'd like the fact that. Yeah, well I like the fact that I've got two. I've got two options at mediocrity with a I love the roster around them.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: I bronze future when I'm like there's no drop off between them it's fine.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Yeah, yeah but they're. They're both bad. I think I. What I'm trying to sell you is that Penix has a chance to be really good and two is already decent when he's on the field. The issue with two is the concussions. Okay.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: You had Kirk Cousins who didn't have any lower body anything and now you have a guy who's had two ACL surgeries on this one, one knee and a third on the other.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Let's plant the flag on the NFC South.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Find the flag, get it set up.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: I'm trying to plant my flag here.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker D: Okay.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker A: You really planted your flag in that thing.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: I will start with also my best way to bet the Falcons which is just for them to win the division. This crappy division and why not them? Why not now? Division winners 4 to 1 on the Atlanta Falcons. I've stated my case a hundred times on this podcast. I've been waiting months for this Pat. Their win total is sitting at six and a half. It is the lowest among all of the NFC south teams. So are you that out on the Atlanta Falcons?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: I might take the over on six and a half. I'm not sold on the Atlanta Falcons to win the division or really be a contender this year because I just. And I'm with you dude. I think Michael Penix can be very good. I just don't know if he's going to ever stay on the football field for a 17 game season. That's my concern about Michael Penix is that we'll never really see who he could have been.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: End your best way to bet the Falcons. Plant the flag. Bet on the NFC South. Take us home.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: I want nothing to do with this team. Is there like a prop of over two and a half quarterbacks to see the field?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: I think so. I don't think so. Maybe, maybe we can get it on the prediction markets. All right, what about division wide? What's your. Is it the Saints? What's your favorite?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: The only thing I have tracking I this division is too gross for anything else. The Falcons schedule they. This might be a hot take The Saints might have the easiest schedule. They might have the most difficult. Like, I know there's conversations for Dallas and the Bears and other people, but for me, Atlanta, with the injuries and chaos that they're already facing. I wish you guys were young enough to get spongebob memes, but it feels like the episode of spongebob where he got beat up, one of his eyes is crossed his tongues across the room and he's like just literally crawling to the finish line.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: My co host is 36. My producer is 26, so I appreciate you piling on and making me feel old this morning.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: You're welcome.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: I never understand a word that comes out of her mouth, so it's fine. You're not alone. All right. Hey, Pat Donovan, iheartradio. You can catch him on the Pat Aaron show via iheart957wdae6 to 9am Pat, enjoy the football season. I'm sure that we will chat again soon, my friend.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: Always fun talking to you. Good meeting everybody else.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: That'll do it for the favorites today. We're going to come back on Thursday. AFC south is up next. Kendra's jags to be detailed and you can catch it right here on the Action Network YouTube page or wherever you download your favorite podcast. Special thanks to our producers David Payne and Gifford Gould. Five star reviews, people. We'll see you next time. Action Network reminds you.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: Please gamble responsibly. If you or someone you care about has a gambling problem, help is available 24. 7@1-800- gambler.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: I love my phone but not my carrier.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker D: What do I do?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: Well, there are 250 reasons to join T Mobile.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker D: Like what?
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: You can keep your phone and your number and T Mobile helps pay it off up to $800 per line.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: So I wouldn't have to buy a new phone.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker C: It Yep.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: Plus your plan price stays the same for 5 years on experience plans. Nice. Find your reason@t mobile.com
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker A: via virtual prepaid guard card. Typically takes 15 days after rebate, submission price guarantee on TalkText and 5G data
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: exclusions like taxes and fees apply.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker A: Some people use ChatGPT to answer questions. Others use it to get real work done. With ChatGPT work you bring the goal plus real inputs like briefs, notes, files, feedback, data and project plans. It can help turn them into an analysis, tracker, deck, outline, prototype or workflow. You can review and keep shaping. You stay in control, giving direction and choosing the final output. Put ChatGPT to work on your most ambitious ideas and projects. Get started@chatgpt.com by selecting work mode available on plus and Pro plans.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker E: There are exciting things happening at your local CVS shop. New Extra Big Deals with Extra care every two weeks. No coupon needed. Plus get access to exclusive sale prices, personalized deals and more. As a member, Extra Care is the way to save at cvs. Join for free online or in store and start saving. Visit your local CVS store or cvs.com extra big deals for this week's deals.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker A: We learned how to love dogs from the dogs that loved us and waited for us to get home from school. They were the dogs that raised us. We returned the love with Pedigree Dog Food. It was good then and it's better now. Every bowl has 100% complete nutrition supporting six health essentials and now it includes Vitamin Good Bites, a nutrient boost your dog will love. Pedigree Good then, better now.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: Across America, money is being abandoned.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker A: By taking a few seconds to Check Lyft before your next ride, you can
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker B: give money a better home inside your wallet.
[00:03 - 00:03] Speaker A: Save the money. Check Lyft.
